parallel	In 1872 the first horse railway was inaugurated, and from 1893 an electric tram was developed.	1872 wurde die erste Pferdebahn eingeweiht, die ab 1893 zur elektrischen Straßenbahn weiterentwickelt wurde.	in 1872, the first horse tramway was inaugurated, was developed from 1893 to the electric street railway .
parallel	On 1 July 2013, Croatia became the 28th EU member.	Am 1. Juli 2013 wurde Kroatien der 28. Mitgliedsstaat.	Croatia the 28th Member State was on July 1, 2013.
parallel	Japan has the world's tenth-largest population, with over 126 million people.	Mit über 126 Millionen Einwohnern liegt Japan auf Platz zehn der bevölkerungsreichsten Länder der Erde.	With a population of over 126 million, ten of the most populous countries in the worldis Japan ranked.
parallel	In 2012, the EU was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.	2012 wurde der Europäischen Union der Friedensnobelpreis zuerkannt.	2012, the European Union was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
parallel	An early record of the word in English is in a 1565 letter, spelled Giapan.	Im Englischen findet sich der Landesname in der Schreibweise „Giapan“ zum ersten Mal in einem Brief aus dem Jahr 1565.	In English you will find the country name in the spelling "Giapan" for the first time in a letter from the year 1565.
parallel	The Wii (/ˈwiː/ WEE) is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006.	Die Wii [wiː] ist eine Spielkonsole von Nintendo, die seit Ende 2006 auf dem Markt ist.	The Wii [wiː] is a game console by Nintendo, which has since the end of 2006 on the market.
parallel	The European Union received the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe."	2012 wurde der Europäischen Union der Friedensnobelpreis „für über sechs Jahrzehnte Beitrag zur Förderung von Frieden und Versöhnung, Demokratie und Menschenrechten in Europa“ zuerkannt.	2012, the Nobel Peace Prize was the European Union "for over six decades of contribution to the promotion of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe" awarded.
parallel	The city is well known for its festivals, diverse architecture, nightlife, contemporary arts, and a high quality of living.	Berlins Architektur, Festivals, Nachtleben und vielfältige Lebensbedingungen sind weltweit bekannt.	Berlin's architecture, festivals, nightlife and diverse living conditions are known worldwide.
parallel	Though the vast majority were women, children, elderly or disabled, 63 witnesses estimated that there were at least 300 men inside the perimeter of the UN compound and between 600 and 900 men in the crowd outside.	Obwohl die überwältigende Mehrheit Frauen, Kinder, Behinderte oder ältere Personen waren, schätzten Augenzeugen im Prozess gegen den ehemaligen serbischen General Radislav Krstić, dass auch ca. 300 Männer auf dem UN-Gelände und ca. 600 bis 900 wei...	Although the overwhelming majority were women, children, disabled or elderly persons, estimated eye-witnesses in the trial against the former Serb General Radislav Krstic, that about 300 men of the UN premises and approximately 600 to 900 had been lookin...
parallel	One big focus is put on film, video, contemporary music and architecture, room installments and big presentations of contemporary paintings, sculptures and video art.	Schwerpunkte sind Film, Video, zeitgenössische Musik und Architektur, zudem werden raumgreifende Installationen und umfassende Präsentationen zeitgenössischer Malerei, Skulpturen und Videokunst ausgestellt.	Focuses on contemporary music, film, video and architecture, also space-filling installations and comprehensive presentations of contemporary painting, sculpture and video art are exhibited.
parallel	A Scientologist who is actively in communication with a suppressive person and as a result shows signs of antisocial behaviour is referred to as a Potential Trouble Source.	Personen, die Kontakt mit „unterdrückerischen Personen“ pflegen, werden Scientology-intern als potentielle Schwierigkeitsquellen (potential trouble sources) bezeichnet.	People who maintain contact with "repressive people", are Scientology internally as potential sources of difficulty (potential trouble sources) referred to.
parallel	On 13 April 1993, the Serbs told the UNHCR representatives that they would attack the town within two days unless the Bosniaks surrendered and agreed to be evacuated.	Am 13. April 1993 teilten die bosnisch-serbischen Militärs Vertretern des UNHCR mit, sie würden Srebrenica angreifen, falls sich die Bosniaken nicht innerhalb von zwei Tagen ergeben würden.	On April 13, 1993, the Bosnian Serb military shared with representatives of the UNHCR, they would attack Srebrenica if the Bosnians not within two days would result.
parallel	With an area of 43 hectares (110 acres) and around 22,000 different plant species, it is one of the largest and most diverse collections of botanical life in the world.	Mit einer Fläche von über 43 Hektar und etwa 22.000 verschiedenen Pflanzenarten ist er der drittgrößte Botanische Garten der Welt.	He is the third largest botanical gardens of the world with an area of over 43 hectares and around 22,000 different plant species.
parallel	NSDAP rule effectively destroyed Berlin's Jewish community, which had numbered 160,000, representing one-third of all Jews in the country.	Nationalsozialisten und NS-Regime zerstörten Berlins jüdische Gemeinde, die vor 1933 rund 160.000 Mitglieder zählte.	Nazis and NAZI regime destroyed Berlin's Jewish community, which had before 1933 approximately 160,000 members.
parallel	The interpretation and the application of EU law and the treaties are ensured by the Court of Justice of the European Union.	Der Gerichtshof der Europäischen Union soll für eine einheitliche Auslegung des Rechts der Europäischen Union sorgen.	The Court of Justice of the European Union is to ensure a uniform interpretation of European Union law.
parallel	In 2008, the American Religious Identification Survey found that the number of American Scientologists had dropped to 25,000.	Die amerikanische Volkszählungsbehörde nimmt sogar nur noch ca. 25.000 aktive Scientologen in den USA an und beruft sich dabei auf eine 2008 erschienene Studie des Trinity College, Hartford.	The American Census Bureau adopts even only about 25,000 active Scientologists in the United States and invoked a 2008 released study from Trinity College, Hartford.
parallel	In 1957, Eagleburger joined the United States Foreign Service, and served in various posts in embassies, consulates, and the Department of State.	1957 trat er in den amerikanischen Auswärtigen Dienst ein, wo er auf verschiedenen Posten in Botschaften, Konsulaten und im State Departement tätig war.	in 1957, he entered the U.S. foreign service, where he in various posts in embassies, consulates and in the State Department was working.
parallel	Eagleburger became chairman of the International Commission on Holocaust Era Insurance Claims, or ICHEIC, which was set up in 1998.	1998 wurde er zum Präsidenten der Internationalen Kommission für Versicherungsansprüche aus der Holocaust-Zeit (ICHEIC) berufen.	in 1998, he was appointed the President of the International Commission for Holocaust era insurance claims (claims).
parallel	Starting in 1969, he served in the Nixon administration as an assistant to National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger.	1969 wurde er in der Regierung von Präsident Richard Nixon als Assistent des Nationalen Sicherheitsberaters Henry Kissinger tätig.	in 1969, he served in the Cabinet of President Richard Nixon as an Assistant to national of Security Advisor Henry Kissinger .
parallel	On August 23, 1992, James Baker resigned as Secretary of State (to manage Bush's unsuccessful re-election campaign), and Eagleburger served as Acting Secretary of State until Bush gave him a recess appointment for the remainder of the Bush administration.	Als der damalige Außenminister James A. Baker im August 1992 zurücktrat um Bushs Wahlkampf zu organisieren übernahm Eagleburger gemäß der Gesetzeslage dessen Amtsgeschäfte (Acting Secretary of State).	As the former Secretary of State James A. Baker resigned in August 1992 to organize Bush's campaign Eagleburger in accordance with the legislation took over its duties (Acting Secretary of State).
parallel	From 1961 to 1965 he served as a staffer at the U.S. Embassy in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.	Zwischen 1961 und 1965 war er als Mitarbeiter der US-Botschaft in Belgrad (Jugoslawien) tätig.	From 1961 to 1965, he worked as an employee of the U.S. Embassy in Belgrade (Yugoslavia).
parallel	He was then named the Executive Secretary to the Secretary of State from 1975 to 1977, and subsequently was appointed as ambassador to Yugoslavia by President Jimmy Carter, a post he held from 1977 to 1980.	Nach Nixons Rücktritt verließ er die Regierung, wurde aber schnell von Präsident Jimmy Carter zum Botschafter der Vereinigten Staaten in Jugoslawien berufen, eine Position, die er zwischen 1977 und 1980 innehatte.	After Nixon's resignation, he left the Government, a position he held between 1977 and 1980 appointed but quickly by President Jimmy Carter to the United States Ambassador to Yugoslavia.
parallel	In 1982, Reagan appointed him as Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs (the State Department's third-ranking position), a position he held for several years.	1982 berief ihn Präsident Ronald Reagan zum Staatssekretär für politische Angelegenheiten (Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs); diese dritthöchste Position im Außenministerium nahm er bis Mai 1984 ein.	in 1982, President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the Secretary of State for political affairs (Under Secretary of State for political affairs); He was the third-highest position in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs until May 1984.
parallel	In 1964, he and Norma Lee Browning collaborated on writing The Other Side of the Mind.	1964 arbeitete er mit Norma Lee Brown zusammen und schrieb mit ihr das Buch „Die andere Seite des Geistes“.	in 1964, he collaborated with Norma Lee Brown and wrote the book "The other side of the spirit" with you.
parallel	Maurice of Anhalt-Dessau (31 October 1712 in Dessau - 11 April 1760 in Dessau), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.	Moritz Prinz von Anhalt-Dessau (* 31. Oktober 1712; † 11. April 1760 in Dessau) war ein preußischer Generalfeldmarschall aus dem Geschlecht der Askanier.	Prince Moritz of Anhalt-Dessau (* 31 October 1712; died 11 April 1760 in Dessau) was a Prussian General field marshal of the House of Ascania.
parallel	Combined later merged with the Ryan Insurance Group to form Aon Corporation in 1987.,	Sein Unternehmen fusionierte mit der Patrick Ryan Gruppe, um 1987 die Aon Corporation zu gründen.	His company merged with the Patrick Ryan Group, to form the Aon Corporation in 1987.
parallel	William Clement Stone (May 4, 1902 – September 3, 2002) was a businessman, philanthropist and New Thought self-help book author.	William Clement Stone (* 4. Mai 1902 in Chicago; † 3. September 2002) war ein US-amerikanischer Unternehmer, Philanthrop und Autor im Bereich der Neugeist-Bewegung.	William Clement Stone (* 4 may 1902 in Chicago; died 3 September 2002) was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and author in the field of the New thought movement.
parallel	This applied to telegraph and telephone switching stations.	Dies traf auf alle Telegrafen- und Telefonverteiler zu.	This applied to all Telegraph and telephone distribution.
parallel	The GPO created a network of post offices where senders could submit items.	Das General Post Office errichtete ein Netzwerk von Postämtern, auf denen Absender Sendungen aufgeben konnten.	The General Post Office built a network of post offices where senders could give up broadcasts.
parallel	Age at sexual maturity is about 22 months.	Die Geschlechtsreife ist mit 1,5 Jahren erreicht.	Sexual maturity is reached at the age of 1.5.
parallel	As a victor in the Balkan Wars in 1913, Serbia regained Vardar Macedonia, Kosovo and Raška (Old Serbia).	Mit den Balkankriegen kamen bis 1913 das Kosovo, das heutige Mazedonien sowie der größere Teil des Sandschaks von Novi Pazar dazu.	With the Balkan wars , Kosovo, the present-day Macedonia , as well as the greater part of the Sanjak of Novi Pazar were added until 1913.
parallel	In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
parallel	On June 22, 1988 the Hornets selected him in the expansion draft.	Am 22. Juni 1988 wurde Bogues im Expansion Draft von den Charlotte Hornets genommen.	Bogues in the Expansion Draft by the Charlotte Hornets was taken on June 22, 1988.
parallel	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split off the telecommunications business to form the British Telecommunications corporation, leaving the Post Office corporation with the Royal Mail, parcels, Post Office Counters and National Giro businesses.	Der British Telecommunications Act von 1981 spaltete die sogenannte British Telecommunications Corporation ab und ließ dem Post Office Telecommunications nur noch die Verantwortung über den Brief- und Paketdienst sowie den Betrieb der Postämter.	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split the so-called British Telecommunications Corporation and left only the responsibility of mail and parcel service, as well as the operation of post offices the post office telecommunications.
parallel	Responsibility for telecommunications was given to Post Office Telecommunications, the successor of the GPO Telegraph and Telephones department, with its own separate budget and management.	Die behördliche Verantwortung für die Telekommunikation wurde dem Post Office Telecommunications übertragen, das damit Nachfolger der GPO Telephones Division wurde.	The official telecommunications was responsible for the Post Office Telecommunications , which was successor of the GPO telephones Division .
parallel	In 1661 the office of Postmaster General was created to oversee the GPO.	Die Überwachung der GPO oblag dem 1661 eingeführten Postmaster General.	The monitoring of the GPO was Postmaster Generalintroduced in 1661.
parallel	The postal service was known as the Royal Mail because it was built on the distribution system for royal and government documents.	Der Postdienst wurde unter dem Namen Royal Mail bekannt, da er auf dem Verteilsystem für Regierungs- und Behördendokumente aufbaute.	The postal service was known under the name of Royal Mail , because it was built on the distribution system for Government and Agency documents.
parallel	On 17 February 2008, the Kosovo parliament unilaterally proclaimed independence from Serbia to mixed international reactions.	Nach langen, ergebnislosen Verhandlungen beschloss am 17. Februar 2008 das Parlament des Kosovo, einseitig die Unabhängigkeit der Provinz auszurufen.	After long and fruitless negotiations, the Parliament of Kosovo decided on February 17, 2008 unilaterally proclaimed the independence of the province.
parallel	The fort is best known as the site upon which the shots that started the American Civil War were fired, at the Battle of Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861.	Seine historische Bedeutung erlangte das Fort als Schauplatz der ersten militärischen Auseinandersetzung des Amerikanischen Bürgerkrieges, die am 12. April 1861 ab 4:30 Uhr begann.	Its historical importance became the Fort as the scene of the first military conflict of the American civil war, which began on April 12, 1861, starting at 4:30.
parallel	In the mid 19th century several private telegraph companies were established in the UK.	Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts wurden viele private Telegrafenfirmen in Großbritannien gegründet.	Mid-19th century were founded several private telegraph companies in the UK.
parallel	By 1979, Stone’s insurance company exceeded $1 billion in assets.	1979 hatte seine Versicherungsgesellschaft ein Vermögen von mehr als $ 1 Milliarde in Aktien.	in 1979, his insurance company had assets of more than $1 billion in shares.
parallel	The station today sees regular service by Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn trains on the S6 line.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
parallel	From the start the GPO had trouble with competitive pirate radio broadcasters who found ways to deliver electronic messages to British receivers without first obtaining a GPO licence.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
parallel	The theory was used to expand state control of the mail service into every form of electronic communication possible on the basis that every sender used some form of distribution service.	Dies wurde dazu benutzt, das Monopol vom Postdienst auf jede Form elektronischer Kommunikation zu erweitern, da jeder Sender eine Art Verteilerdienst benutzte.	This was used to extend the monopoly of the postal service on any form of electronic communication, as each transmitter used a kind of distribution service.
parallel	During 1873, another single-track railway line to Mülheim an der Ruhr was also built.	Im gleichen Jahr wurde auch die eingleisige Untere Ruhrtalbahn nach Mülheim an der Ruhr gebaut ind in Betrieb genommen.	In the same year the single-tracked lower Ruhr Valley Railway was built to Mülheim an der Ruhr ind commissioned taken.
parallel	In 1926, after a construction time of over 13 years, a railway line to Velbert via Heiligenhaus was connected to the station, crossing the Ruhr on a third bridge.	Im Jahr 1926 wurde nach einer Bauzeit von mehr als 13 Jahren die Niederbergbahn von Kettwig Stausee über Heiligenhaus nach Velbert fertiggestellt und gleichzeitig eine dritte Brücke mit dem Bahnhof verbunden.	In 1926, after a construction period of more than 13 years the low mountain railway reservoir via Heiligenhaus completed by Kettwig to Velbert and at the same time a third Bridge connected to the station.
parallel	Stone was once quoted as saying, "All I want to do is change the world".	Sein meist zitierter Satz ist: „Alles was ich will, ist die Welt zu verändern.“	His most quoted phrase is: "All I want to do is to change the world."
parallel	The private telegraph companies that already existed were bought out.	Die privaten Firmen wurden aufgekauft.	The private companies were bought.
parallel	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
parallel	Stone was inducted into the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, and was a Freemason.	Er wurde in die „Horatio Alger Gemeinschaft berühmter Amerikaner“ aufgenommen und war Freimaurer im 33. Grad.	He was in the "Horatio Alger community of famous American" recorded and was Mason in the 33rd degree.
parallel	He followed with a senior campaign in which he averaged 14.8 points, 9.5 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 2.4 steals per game.	Ein Jahr später konnte er seinen Schnitt auf 15 Punkte, 9 Assist und 2 Steals pro Spiel verbessern.	A year later he was able to improve his average to 15 points, 9 assist and 2 steals per game.
parallel	The flag is still displayed in the fort's museum.	Die Flagge ist erhalten und wird im Museum des Forts ausgestellt.	The flag is preserved and is on display at the Museum of the Fort.
parallel	In the mid-19th century there were four branch offices in London: one in the City at Lombard Street; two in the West End at Charing Cross and Old Cavendish Street near Oxford Street; and one south of the Thames in Borough High Street.	In der Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts gab es vier Außenbüros in London: eines in der City in der Lombard Street, zwei im West End in Charing Cross und in der Cavendish Street Nähe Oxford Street und ein viertes südlich der Themse in der Borough High Street.	In the middle of the 19th century, there were four offices in London: one in the city at Lombard Street, two in the West end at Charing Cross and Cavendish Street close to Oxford Street and a fourth South of the River Thames in Borough High Street.
parallel	The Telegraph Act 1868 granted the Postmaster-General the right to acquire inland telegraph companies in the United Kingdom and the Telegraph Act 1869 conferred on the Postmaster-General a monopoly in telegraphic communication in the UK.	Der Telegraph Act von 1868 gab dem Postmaster General das Recht, inländische Telegrafenfirmen zu übernehmen und der Telegraph Act von 1869 übertrug ihm das Monopol auf die telegrafische Übermittlung in ganz Großbritannien.	The Telegraph Act 1868 General the right to take over domestic telegraph companies gave the Postmaster and the Telegraph Act 1869 gave him the monopoly on the telegraphic delivery throughout the UK.
parallel	In 2006, he switched to the 2005 125cc Championship-winning team, Elit – Caffè Latte Honda as team mate to 125cc World Champion Thomas Lüthi.	Zur Saison 2006 wechselte Sandro Cortese in das Schweizer Elit-Team von Daniel Epp und wurde dort Teamkollege des Vorjahresweltmeisters Thomas Lüthi.	For the 2006 season moved to Sandro Cortese Swiss eliteteam of Daniel Epp that and became team-mate of the previous world champion Thomas Luthi.
parallel	Fort Sumter is a Third System masonry sea fort located in Charleston Harbor, South Carolina.	Fort Sumter ist ein Fort auf einer künstlichen Insel an der Einfahrt vom Atlantischen Ozean in die Bucht von Charleston in South Carolina.	Fort Sumter is a Fort on an artificial island at the entrance of the Atlantic Ocean , in the Bay of Charleston in South Carolina.
parallel	British Telecommunications was converted to British Telecommunications plc in 1984, and was privatised.	Die British Telecommunications Corporation wurde 1984 zur British Telecommunications plc (heute BT Group) und privatisiert.	The British Telecommunications Corporation was in 1984 to the British Telecommunications plc (now BT Group) and privatized.
parallel	He was succeeded by his son Uroš, called the Weak, a term that might also apply to the state of the empire which slowly slid into a feudal anarchy.	Sein Sohn und Nachfolger Stefan Uroš V. (1355–1371), genannt der Schwache, konnte das Reich nicht zusammenhalten.	His son and successor Stefan Uroš v (1355-1371), called the weak, was the Empire unable to hold together.
parallel	Stone gave over $275 million to charity including civic groups, mental health and Christian organizations.	Er spendete über 275 Millionen $ an Einrichtungen für psychisch Kranke und christliche Organisationen.	He donated over 275 million $ at facilities for mentally ill people and Christian organizations.
parallel	Maurice entered the Prussian army in 1725, and saw his first service as a volunteer in the War of the Polish Succession (1734–35).	Moritz trat 1725 in das preußische Heer ein und machte als Freiwilliger den Polnischen Erbfolgekrieg mit.	Moritz joined the Prussian army in 1725 and made the war of the Polish succession as a volunteer.
parallel	Stone celebrated his 100th birthday with a gift of $100,000 to the University of Illinois at Chicago.	Er feierte seinen 100. Geburtstag im Mai 2002 mit einer Spende von 100.000 $ an die Universität von Illinois bei Chicago.	He celebrated his 100th birthday in May 2002 with a donation of $100,000 at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
parallel	The new combined telegraph service had 1,058 telegraph offices in towns and cities and 1,874 offices at railway stations.	Der nun vereinte Telegrafendienst hatte 1058 Telegrafenbüros in größeren und kleineren Städten und 1874 Büros in Bahnhöfen.	The now combined telegraph service had 1058 telegraph offices in larger and smaller towns and 1874 offices at railway stations.
parallel	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
parallel	In 1962, Stone wrote the Success System That Never Fails, in which he suggested how to become successful and have a healthy, productive lifestyle.	Zwei Jahre später schrieb W. C. Stone das Buch „Das Erfolgssystem, das niemals fehlschlägt“, in dem er über die Geheimnisse berichtete, reich zu werden und ein gesundes und erfülltes Leben zu führen.	Two years later, W. C. Stone wrote the book "The success system that never fails", in which he reported about the secrets to become wealthy and to live a healthy and fulfilling life.
parallel	Travenbrück is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Travenbrück (niederdeutsch Travenbrüch) ist eine Gemeinde im Kreis Stormarn in Schleswig-Holstein.	Travenbrück (German Travenbrüch) is a municipality in the District of Stormarn , in Schleswig-Holstein.
parallel	Stone and Hill also founded a monthly digest magazine, entitled Success Unlimited.	Beide brachten außerdem eine monatliche Zeitschrift mit dem Titel „Erfolg ohne Grenzen“ (Success Unlimited) heraus.	Both have also brought out a monthly magazine titled "Success without borders" (success unlimited).
parallel	These competitors were well aware of the fact that the GPO would never grant them such a licence.	Diese Konkurrenz war sich sehr wohl der Tatsache bewusst, dass das General Post Office niemals eine solche gewähren würde.	This competition was aware that the General Post Office would never grant such very well the fact.
parallel	When new forms of communication came into existence in the 19th and early 20th centuries the GPO claimed monopoly rights on the basis that like the postal service they involved delivery from a sender and to a receiver.	Bei der Entstehung neuer Formen der Kommunikation in der Mitte des 19. und am Anfang des 20. Jahrhunderts beanspruchte das GPO die Monopolrechte ausgehend vom Argument, dass es hier um Transporte von einem Sender zu einem Empfänger ging.	With the emergence of new forms of communication in the middle of the 19th and at the beginning of the 20th century, the GPO claimed monopoly rights starting by the argument that this was to transport from a transmitter to a receiver .
parallel	His father died in 1905 leaving his family in debt.	Stones Vater starb, als sein Sohn drei Jahre alt war.	Stones father died when his son was three years old.
parallel	The radio regulation functions were transferred to the Independent Broadcasting Authority and later Ofcom.	Die Aufsicht über das Radio wurden der Radio Authority (später Ofcom) übertragen.	The Radio Authority (later Ofcom) were transferred to the supervision of the radio.
parallel	In 2007 his team was renamed Emmi – Caffè Latte and it switched to Aprilia motorbikes.	In der Saison 2007 startete Cortese wieder für sein Team aus dem Vorjahr, das nun Emmi-Caffe-Latte hieß und auf Aprilia startete.	In the 2007 season , Cortese started again for his team from the previous year, which was now called Emmi-Caffè latte and started on Aprilia .
parallel	A proper station hall and ticket office was commissioned in 1873 and erected in 1875, the old station building was sold to Wermelskirchen.	1873 wurde eine größere Bahnhofshalle in Auftrag gegeben und 1875 errichtet; das alte Bahnhofsgebäude wurde verkauft und in Wermelskirchen weiterverwendet.	in 1873 a larger Concourse in order was given and built in 1875; the old station building was sold and reused in Wermelskirchen .
parallel	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Diese Verteilerdienste wurden rechtlich als Arten elektronischer Postämter gewertet.	These distribution services were considered legally as types of electronic post offices.
parallel	The fort was a five-sided brick structure, 170 to 190 feet (52 to 58 m) long, with walls 5 feet (1.5 m) thick, standing 50 feet (15.2 m) over the low tide mark.	Die Backsteinmauern waren 16 m hoch, die ursprüngliche Mauerstärke wird mit 5 Fuß (1,6 Meter) angegeben.	The brick walls were 16 m high, the original wall thickness is specified with 5 feet (1.6 meters).
parallel	Overseas telegraphs did not fall within the monopoly.	Telegrafen in Übersee fielen nicht unter dieses Gesetz.	Telegraph overseas were not covered by this law.
parallel	A passenger tunnel to access the second platform was also constructed.	Um den Bahnsteig 2 besser erreichen zu können, entstand ein Personentunnel.	A pedestrian tunnel was built to enhance the Platform 2.
parallel	It is generally no taller than three feet, has a long white beard and wears red or other colourful conical hat or knit cap.	Der Nisse ist ein alter Mann mit einem weißen Bart, etwa so groß wie ein 10-jähriges Kind und trägt eine rote Mütze.	The results about the size of a 10th child is an old man with a white beard, and wears a red Cap.
parallel	In mating, the male grasps the female’s head with his jaws and mounts her.	Während der Paarung verbeißt sich das Männchen in den Nacken oder unterhalb eines Vorderbeins des Weibchens.	During mating, the male in the neck or below a Forelimb of a female here.
