Similarity	English text	German sentenced	German sentence (translated)
parallel	In 1872 the first horse railway was inaugurated, and from 1893 an electric tram was developed.	1872 wurde die erste Pferdebahn eingeweiht, die ab 1893 zur elektrischen Straßenbahn weiterentwickelt wurde.	in 1872, the first horse tramway was inaugurated, was developed from 1893 to the electric street railway .
parallel	On 1 July 2013, Croatia became the 28th EU member.	Am 1. Juli 2013 wurde Kroatien der 28. Mitgliedsstaat.	Croatia the 28th Member State was on July 1, 2013.
parallel	Japan has the world's tenth-largest population, with over 126 million people.	Mit über 126 Millionen Einwohnern liegt Japan auf Platz zehn der bevölkerungsreichsten Länder der Erde.	With a population of over 126 million, ten of the most populous countries in the worldis Japan ranked.
parallel	In 2012, the EU was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.	2012 wurde der Europäischen Union der Friedensnobelpreis zuerkannt.	2012, the European Union was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
parallel	An early record of the word in English is in a 1565 letter, spelled Giapan.	Im Englischen findet sich der Landesname in der Schreibweise „Giapan“ zum ersten Mal in einem Brief aus dem Jahr 1565.	In English you will find the country name in the spelling "Giapan" for the first time in a letter from the year 1565.
parallel	The Wii (/ˈwiː/ WEE) is a home video game console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006.	Die Wii [wiː] ist eine Spielkonsole von Nintendo, die seit Ende 2006 auf dem Markt ist.	The Wii [wiː] is a game console by Nintendo, which has since the end of 2006 on the market.
parallel	The European Union received the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize for having "contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy, and human rights in Europe."	2012 wurde der Europäischen Union der Friedensnobelpreis „für über sechs Jahrzehnte Beitrag zur Förderung von Frieden und Versöhnung, Demokratie und Menschenrechten in Europa“ zuerkannt.	2012, the Nobel Peace Prize was the European Union "for over six decades of contribution to the promotion of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe" awarded.
parallel	The city is well known for its festivals, diverse architecture, nightlife, contemporary arts, and a high quality of living.	Berlins Architektur, Festivals, Nachtleben und vielfältige Lebensbedingungen sind weltweit bekannt.	Berlin's architecture, festivals, nightlife and diverse living conditions are known worldwide.
parallel	Though the vast majority were women, children, elderly or disabled, 63 witnesses estimated that there were at least 300 men inside the perimeter of the UN compound and between 600 and 900 men in the crowd outside.	Obwohl die überwältigende Mehrheit Frauen, Kinder, Behinderte oder ältere Personen waren, schätzten Augenzeugen im Prozess gegen den ehemaligen serbischen General Radislav Krstić, dass auch ca. 300 Männer auf dem UN-Gelände und ca. 600 bis 900 wei...	Although the overwhelming majority were women, children, disabled or elderly persons, estimated eye-witnesses in the trial against the former Serb General Radislav Krstic, that about 300 men of the UN premises and approximately 600 to 900 had been lookin...
parallel	One big focus is put on film, video, contemporary music and architecture, room installments and big presentations of contemporary paintings, sculptures and video art.	Schwerpunkte sind Film, Video, zeitgenössische Musik und Architektur, zudem werden raumgreifende Installationen und umfassende Präsentationen zeitgenössischer Malerei, Skulpturen und Videokunst ausgestellt.	Focuses on contemporary music, film, video and architecture, also space-filling installations and comprehensive presentations of contemporary painting, sculpture and video art are exhibited.
parallel	A Scientologist who is actively in communication with a suppressive person and as a result shows signs of antisocial behaviour is referred to as a Potential Trouble Source.	Personen, die Kontakt mit „unterdrückerischen Personen“ pflegen, werden Scientology-intern als potentielle Schwierigkeitsquellen (potential trouble sources) bezeichnet.	People who maintain contact with "repressive people", are Scientology internally as potential sources of difficulty (potential trouble sources) referred to.
parallel	On 13 April 1993, the Serbs told the UNHCR representatives that they would attack the town within two days unless the Bosniaks surrendered and agreed to be evacuated.	Am 13. April 1993 teilten die bosnisch-serbischen Militärs Vertretern des UNHCR mit, sie würden Srebrenica angreifen, falls sich die Bosniaken nicht innerhalb von zwei Tagen ergeben würden.	On April 13, 1993, the Bosnian Serb military shared with representatives of the UNHCR, they would attack Srebrenica if the Bosnians not within two days would result.
parallel	With an area of 43 hectares (110 acres) and around 22,000 different plant species, it is one of the largest and most diverse collections of botanical life in the world.	Mit einer Fläche von über 43 Hektar und etwa 22.000 verschiedenen Pflanzenarten ist er der drittgrößte Botanische Garten der Welt.	He is the third largest botanical gardens of the world with an area of over 43 hectares and around 22,000 different plant species.
parallel	NSDAP rule effectively destroyed Berlin's Jewish community, which had numbered 160,000, representing one-third of all Jews in the country.	Nationalsozialisten und NS-Regime zerstörten Berlins jüdische Gemeinde, die vor 1933 rund 160.000 Mitglieder zählte.	Nazis and NAZI regime destroyed Berlin's Jewish community, which had before 1933 approximately 160,000 members.
parallel	The interpretation and the application of EU law and the treaties are ensured by the Court of Justice of the European Union.	Der Gerichtshof der Europäischen Union soll für eine einheitliche Auslegung des Rechts der Europäischen Union sorgen.	The Court of Justice of the European Union is to ensure a uniform interpretation of European Union law.
parallel	In 2008, the American Religious Identification Survey found that the number of American Scientologists had dropped to 25,000.	Die amerikanische Volkszählungsbehörde nimmt sogar nur noch ca. 25.000 aktive Scientologen in den USA an und beruft sich dabei auf eine 2008 erschienene Studie des Trinity College, Hartford.	The American Census Bureau adopts even only about 25,000 active Scientologists in the United States and invoked a 2008 released study from Trinity College, Hartford.
partially	The rate of warming over the last half of that period was almost double that for the period as a whole (0.13±0.03 °C per decade, versus 0.07±0.02 °C per decade).	Der berechnete Erwärmungstrend über die letzten 50 Jahre in Höhe von 0,13 ºC pro Jahrzehnt (0,10 bis 0,16 °C) ist fast zweimal so groß wie derjenige über die letzten 100 Jahre.	The calculated warming trend over the last 50 years in the amount of 0.13 ° C per decade (0.10 to 0.16 ° C) is almost twice as large as the one over the last 100 years.
partially	The console was known by the code name "Revolution" until April 27, 2006, immediately before E3.	Bis zur Bekanntgabe des neuen Namens im April 2006 lautete der Arbeitstitel Nintendo Revolution.	Until the announcement of the new name in April 2006, the working title was Nintendo revolution.
partially	Nintendo president Satoru Iwata later unveiled and demonstrated the Wii Remote at the September Tokyo Game Show.	Nach langer Geheimhaltung zeigte Nintendo-Chef Satoru Iwata den Controller am 16. September 2005 auf der Tokyo Game Show.	After long secrecy Nintendo Chief pointed out Satoru Iwata the controller on 16 September 2005 the Tokyo game show.
partially	Ethics officers are present in every org; they are tasked with ensuring correct application of Scientology technology and deal with violations such as non-compliance with standard procedures or any other behavior adversely affecting an org's performance,...	Ethics-Offiziere sind in jeder Scientology-Organisation vorhanden; ihre Aufgabe ist es, die regelgerechte Anwendung der Scientology-Technologie sicherzustellen und Verfehlungen wie beispielsweise die Abweichung von Standardverfahren oder sonstige leistun...	Ethics officers are present in every church of Scientology; their task is to ensure the valid application of Scientology technology and sanction misconduct such as the deviation from standard procedures or other performance-impairing behaviour.
partially	These measurements indicate that the Sun's output has not increased since 1978, so the warming during the past 30 years cannot be attributed to an increase in solar energy reaching the Earth.	Die seit 1978 direkt vom Orbit aus gemessene Änderung der Sonnenaktivität ist bei weitem zu klein, um als Hauptursache für die seither beobachtete Temperaturentwicklung in Frage zu kommen.	Since 1978 directly from orbit measured change in the Sun's activity is far too small, to come as the main cause for developing since then observed temperature in question.
partially	Although Serb forces had long been blamed for the massacre, it was not until June 2004—following the Srebrenica commission's preliminary report—that Serb officials acknowledged that their security forces planned and carried out the mass killing.	Im Juni 2004 räumten Vertreter der Republika Srpska erstmals offiziell die Verantwortung bosnisch-serbischer Sicherheitskräfte für das Massaker von Srebrenica ein.	In June 2004, representatives of Republika Srpska officially conceded the responsibility of Bosnian Serb security forces for the massacre at Srebrenica.
partially	The protests of the town citizens against the building culminated in 1448, in the "Berlin Indignation" ("Berliner Unwille").	Im Jahr 1448 revoltierten Einwohner von Berlin im „Berliner Unwillen“ gegen den Schlossneubau des Kurfürsten Friedrich II.	In the year 1448 revolted citizens of Berlin in the "Berlin indignation" against the Castle construction of the elector Frederick II.
partially	Reduced stratospheric ozone has had a slight cooling influence on surface temperatures, while increased tropospheric ozone has had a somewhat larger warming effect.	Der Ozonabbau wirkt hierbei auf zweierlei Arten: Die verringerte Ozonkonzentration kühlt die Stratosphäre, da die UV-Strahlung dort nicht mehr absorbiert wird, wärmt hingegen die Troposphäre, wo sie absorbiert wird.	The ozone depletion does this in two ways: reduced ozone concentration cools the stratosphere because the UV radiation is not absorbed, however, warms the troposphere, where it is absorbed.
partially	Zoologischer Garten Berlin, the older of two zoos in the city, was founded in 1844 and presents the most diverse range of species in the world.	Der bereits 1844 an der damaligen Stadtgrenze zu Charlottenburg eröffnete Zoologische Garten ist der älteste Zoo Deutschlands und zugleich der artenreichste der Welt (rund 15.000 Tiere in 1500 Arten).	Opened already in 1844 on the city border to Charlottenburg Palace , the Zoo is the oldest Zoo in Germany and at the same time the most biodiverse of the world (around 15,000 animals from 1500 species).
partially	As of 30 June 2014[update], the Wii has sold 101.15 million consoles worldwide.	Die Konsole wurde über 100 Millionen mal verkauft.	The console has sold over 100 million copies.
partially	Nintendo CEO Satoru Iwata revealed a prototype of the controller at the September 2005 Tokyo Game Show.	Nach langer Geheimhaltung zeigte Nintendo-Chef Satoru Iwata den Controller am 16. September 2005 auf der Tokyo Game Show.	After long secrecy Nintendo Chief pointed out Satoru Iwata the controller on 16 September 2005 the Tokyo game show.
partially	The Secretary-General of the United Nations described the mass murder as the worst crime on European soil since the Second World War.	Das Massaker vom Juli 1995 gilt als das schwerste Kriegsverbrechen in Europa seit dem Ende des Zweiten Weltkriegs.	The massacre in July 1995 is considered to be the worst war crime in Europe since the end of the Second World War.
partially	In 1993 the power grid connections to the surrounding areas were restored.	Erst 1993 wurde die 1951 unterbrochene Leitungsverbindung mit dem Umland wiederhergestellt.	Until 1993, the 1951 interrupted cable connection with the surrounding area has been restored.
partially	The major greenhouse gases are water vapor, which causes about 36–70% of the greenhouse effect; carbon dioxide (CO2), which causes 9–26%; methane (CH4), which causes 4–9%; and ozone (O3), which causes 3–7%.	Das Treibhausgas Wasserdampf (H2O) trägt mit 36 bis 66 %, Kohlenstoffdioxid (CO2) mit 9 bis 26 %, und Methan mit 4 bis 9 % zum natürlichen Treibhauseffekt bei.	The greenhouse gas water vapour (H2O) contributes to the natural greenhouse effect with 36 to 66%, carbon dioxide (CO2) with 9% and 26%, and methane with 4% to 9%.
partially	The ability of the earned income tax credit to deliver larger monetary benefits to the poor workers than an increase in the minimum wage and at a lower cost to society was documented in a 2007 report by the Congressional Budget Office.	Dass die negative Einkommensteuer armen Arbeitern einen größeren monetären Vorteil bei geringeren Kosten für die Gesellschaft bringt, wurde in einem Bericht des Congressional Budget Office dokumentiert.	In a report that the negative income tax brings poor workers a bigger monetary advantage at a lower cost for the society, was the Congressional Budget Office documents.
partially	On 25 April 2013, President Tomislav Nikolic apologized for the massacre: "I kneel and ask for forgiveness for Serbia for the crime committed in Srebrenica.	Im April 2013 entschuldigte sich Serbiens Präsident Tomislav Nikolić für das Massaker.	Serbia's President apologized in April 2013 Tomislav Nikolić for the massacre.
partially	In the winter semester of 1491–92 Copernicus, as "Nicolaus Nicolai de Thuronia", matriculated together with his brother Andrew at the University of Kraków (now Jagiellonian University).	Von 1491 bis 1494 besuchte Kopernikus gemeinsam mit seinem Bruder Andreas die Universität Krakau.	From 1491 to 1494, Copernicus attended the Cracow Universitytogether with his brother of Andreas.
partially	Scientology beliefs revolve around the thetan, the individualized expression of the cosmic source, or life force, named after the Greek letter theta (θ).	Der in Anlehnung an den griechischen Buchstaben Theta (Θ) benannte Thetan ist nach scientologischer Vorstellung das unsterbliche Wesen eines Menschen, also dessen Seele oder Geist.	The thetan (Θ) named in reference to the Greek letter theta scientologischer idea is the immortal essence of a person, so the soul or spirit.
partially	In 1961, East Germany began the building of the Berlin Wall between East and West Berlin, and events escalated to a tank standoff at Checkpoint Charlie.	Der Ost-West-Konflikt gipfelte in der Berlin-Krise und führte zum Bau der Berliner Mauer durch die DDR am 13. August 1961.	The East-West conflict culminated in the Berlin and led to the construction of the Berlin wall by East Germany on 13 August 1961.
partially	Global warming is the observed century-scale rise in the average temperature of Earth's climate system.	Als globale Erwärmung bezeichnet man den seit Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts beobachteten Anstieg der Durchschnittstemperatur der erdnahen Atmosphäre und der Meere.	Global warming refers to the increase in the average temperature of the Earth atmosphere and the oceans, observed since the mid-19th century.
partially	The largest international gateways are Narita International Airport, Kansai International Airport and Chūbu Centrair International Airport.	Die größten Flughäfen sind Tokio-Haneda, Tokio-Narita, Kansai und der zur EXPO Aichi 2005 neu eröffnete Flughafen Chūbu.	The largest airports are Tokyo Haneda Airport Chūbuof EXPO Aichi 2005 , newly opened, Tokyo Narita, Kansai , and the.
partially	Despite the oceans' dominant role in energy storage, the term "global warming" is also used to refer to increases in average temperature of the air and sea at Earth's surface.	Als globale Erwärmung bezeichnet man den seit Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts beobachteten Anstieg der Durchschnittstemperatur der erdnahen Atmosphäre und der Meere.	Global warming refers to the increase in the average temperature of the Earth atmosphere and the oceans, observed since the mid-19th century.
partially	Japanese society is linguistically and culturally homogeneous, composed of 98.5% ethnic Japanese, with small populations of foreign workers.	Die japanische Gesellschaft ist ethnisch und linguistisch weitgehend homogen.	The Japanese society is largely ethnically and linguistically homogeneous.
partially	The Wii Mini, Nintendo's first major console redesign since the compact SNES, succeeded the standard Wii model on December 7, 2012 in Canada.	Am 7. Dezember 2012 erschien – zunächst exklusiv in Kanada – eine dritte Revision der Wii-Konsole.	A third revision of the Wii console was released - first exclusively in Canada - on 7 December 2012.
partially	On 12 December 2012, Tolimir was convicted of genocide and sentenced to life imprisonment.	Im Prozess gegen Zdravko Tolimir, einen von sieben Stellvertretern Mladićs, wurde dieser am 12. Dezember 2012 der Anklage des Völkermordes für schuldig befunden und zu lebenslanger Haft verurteilt.	In the trial of Zdravko Tolimir, this was sentenced one of seven deputies of Mladić, on December 12, 2012 the accusation of genocide found guilty and to life imprisonment.
partially	Berlin has established a high-profile reputation as a host city of international sporting events.	Die Sportereignisse, Universitäten, Forschungseinrichtungen und Museen Berlins genießen internationalen Ruf.	The sports events, universities, research institutions and museums of Berlin enjoy international reputation.
partially	The Greater Berlin Act in 1920 incorporated many suburbs and surrounding cities of Berlin.	Mit dem Groß-Berlin-Gesetz wurden 1920 acht Städte sowie 59 Landgemeinden und 27 Gutsbezirke zusammengefasst.	In 1920 eight cities as well as 59 rural communities and 27 estate districts were combined with the Greater Berlin Act .
partially	The All Sports Team has received the award "Team of the Year 2013" in Lower Saxony	Das All Sports Team wurde zur „Mannschaft des Jahres 2013“ in Niedersachsen gewählt, vor den Bundesliga-Handballern aus Burgdorf und dem Frauenfußball-Championleaguesieger VfL Wolfsburg.	The All Sports Team was elected to the "team of the year 2013" in Lower Saxony, Germany, before the Bundesliga handball players from Burgdorf and the woman football Championleaguesieger VfL Wolfsburg.
partially	In education, the policy was mainly developed in the 1980s in programmes supporting exchanges and mobility.	Neben diesen Maßnahmen zur Schaffung eines gemeinsamen europäischen Hochschulraums gibt es bereits seit den 1980er Jahren eine Vielzahl von EU-Programmen, die den europaweiten Austausch im Bildungswesen fördern sollen.	In addition to these measures for the creation of a common European higher education area, there are a number of EU programmes, which promote the Europe-wide exchange in education since the 1980s.
partially	The church was destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins.	Sie war durch Bombenangriffe im Zweiten Weltkrieg schwer beschädigt worden.	She was severely damaged by bombing in the second world war.
partially	Berlin is known for its numerous cultural institutions, many of which enjoy international reputation.	Die Sportereignisse, Universitäten, Forschungseinrichtungen und Museen Berlins genießen internationalen Ruf.	The sports events, universities, research institutions and museums of Berlin enjoy international reputation.
partially	Today the name Nippon-koku or Nihon-koku (日本国?) is used as a formal modern-day equivalent; countries like Japan whose long form does not contain a descriptive designation are generally given a name appended by the character koku (国?), meaning "co...	Das koku in Nihon-koku, wörtlicher „Staat Japan“ oder „Japanischer Staat“, wird in europäische Sprachen oft nicht übersetzt; dort wird der amtliche Landesname dann nur als „Japan“ ohne Zusatz wiedergegeben.	The koku in Nihon-koku, literal "State of Japan" or "Japanese State", is not often translated into European languages. There, the official name of the country then only as "Japan" without additional is rendered.
partially	There is now legislation or binding collective bargaining regarding minimum wage in more than 90% of all countries.	Nach einer Statistik der ILO gibt es in über 90 % ihrer Mitgliedstaaten Mindestlöhne.	According to statistics of the ILO , there are minimum wages in more than 90% of its Member States.
partially	Japan was a venue of the Intercontinental Cup from 1981 to 2004 and co-hosted the 2002 FIFA World Cup with South Korea.	Japan war Gastgeber der Fußballweltmeisterschaft im Jahre 2002.	Japan hosted the World Cup in 2002.
partially	Modern Berlin is home to universities, orchestras, museums, entertainment venues, and is host to many sporting events.	Die Sportereignisse, Universitäten, Forschungseinrichtungen und Museen Berlins genießen internationalen Ruf.	The sports events, universities, research institutions and museums of Berlin enjoy international reputation.
partially	An individual's desire to survive is considered to be the first dynamic, while the second dynamic relates to procreation and family.	Die erste Dynamik ist der Überlebenswille der Einzelperson.	The first dynamic is the survival of the individual.
partially	Wouter J. Hanegraaff is Professor of “History of Hermetic Philosophy and Related Currents” at the University of Amsterdam (1999).	Seit 1999 gibt es in Amsterdam einen Lehrstuhl für die „Geschichte der hermetischen Philosophie und verwandter Strömungen“ (Wouter J. Hanegraaff).	Since 1999, there is a Chair of the "history of hermetic philosophy and related currents" (Wouter j. Hanegraaff) in Amsterdam .
partially	In 1636 George, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, ruler of the Brunswick-Lüneburg principality of Calenberg, moved his residence to Hanover.	Während des Dreißigjährigen Krieges machte Herzog Georg von Calenberg 1636 die festungsartig ausgebaute Stadt zu seiner Residenz.	During the thirty years war Duke made to George of Calenberg 1636 the fortress-like expanded city of residence.
partially	Over the 21st century, the IPCC projects that global mean sea level could rise by 0.18–0.59 m.	Die Erwärmung führt unter anderem zu einem Meeresspiegelanstieg.	The warming leads to sea level rise.
partially	The period of overall real economic growth from the 1960s to the 1980s has been called the Japanese post-war economic miracle: it averaged 7.5 percent in the 1960s and 1970s, and 3.2 percent in the 1980s and early 1990s.	Über drei Jahrzehnte hinweg hatte Japan nur Wirtschaftswachstum zu verzeichnen: ein Durchschnitt von 10 % in den 1960ern, durchschnittlich 5 % in den 1970ern, und 4 % Wirtschaftswachstum in den 1980ern.	Over three decades Japan had enjoyed only economic growth: a 10% average in the 1960s, an average of 5% in the 1970s, and 4% economic growth in the 1980s.
partially	The old Malay word for Japan, Jepang, was borrowed from a southern coastal Chinese dialect, probably Fukienese or Ningpo, and this Malay word was encountered by Portuguese traders in Malacca in the 16th century.	Das frühere malaiische Wort für Japan, „Jepang“ (heute „Jepun“), wurde ebenfalls einer chinesischen Sprache entlehnt.	The former Malay Word for Japan, "Jepang" (today "Jepun"), was also borrowed from a Chinese language.
partially	Japan signed a security pact with Australia in March 2007 and with India in October 2008.	2007 unterzeichnete Japan mit Australien als zweitem Land überhaupt ein Sicherheitsabkommen.	in 2007, Japan with Australia as the second country ever signed a security agreement.
partially	The most popular ones are the Great Ground and the Nouveau Jardin.	Neben zahlreichen Sondergärten sind das Große Parterre, das Orangenparterre, der Irrgarten und der Nouveau Jardin die bekanntesten Teile des Großen Gartens.	In addition to many special gardens, the great parterre, the Orange parterre, the maze and the Nouveau Jardin are the most popular parts of the large garden.
partially	Overall, it is expected that climate change will result in the extinction of many species and reduced diversity of ecosystems.	Eine Erwärmung oberhalb von 2 °C birgt erhöhte Risiken für das Aussterben zahlreicher Tier- und Pflanzenarten, deren Lebensräume nicht länger ihren Anforderungen entsprechen.	A warming above 2 ° C increased risks for the extinction of numerous animal and plant species, their living spaces no longer meet their needs.
partially	The use of the word libertarian to describe a new set of political positions has been traced to the French cognate, libertaire, coined in a scathing letter French libertarian communist Joseph Déjacque wrote to mutualist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon in 1857, c...	Die erste politische Verwendung des Ausdrucks „libertär“ stammt von dem Anarchisten Joseph Déjacque, der den französischen Ausdruck libertaire 1857 in einem Brief an Pierre-Joseph Proudhon zur Abgrenzung des kommunistischen Anarchismus vom seiner ...	The first political use of the expression "libertarian" comes from the anarchist Joseph Déjacque, which 1857 in a letter to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon libertaire , the French term related to the delimitation of Communist anarchism of the Liberal his opinion...
partially	The first German Rugby team was founded in Hanover in 1878.	1878, kurz Hannover 78, wurde 1878 als erster deutscher Rasensportverein gegründet; Rugby war Gründungssportart.	in 1878, short Hanover 78, was founded in 1878 as the first German lawn Sports Club; Founding sport was Rugby .
partially	The eurozone (constituted by the EU member states which have adopted the euro) has since grown to 18 countries, the most recent being Latvia which joined on 1 January 2014.	Damit gehören der Eurozone seit 2014 18 Mitgliedstaaten an.	Thus 18 Member States belong to since 2014 the eurozone.
partially	Although Nintendo showed the console and the Wii Remote in white, black, silver, lime-green and red before it was released, it was only available in white for its first two-and-a-half years of sales.	Gezeigt wurden die Konsole und Wiimote in Limettengrün, Silber, Schwarz und Rot.	Shown were the console and Wiimote in lime green, silver, black and red.
partially	Competencies in scrutinising and amending legislation are divided between the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union while executive tasks are carried out by the European Commission and in a limited capacity by the European Council (no...	Am Zustandekommen von Rechtsakten der EU nach dem ordentlichen Gesetzgebungsverfahren sind die Europäische Kommission (alleiniges Initiativrecht), der Rat der Europäischen Union und das Europäische Parlament beteiligt.	At the conclusion of legal acts of the EU according to the ordinary legislative procedure , the European Commission (sole right of initiative), the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament are involved.
partially	The Wii Mini, Nintendo's first major console redesign since the compact SNES, succeeded the standard Wii model on December 7, 2012 in Canada.	Die Wii mini erschien am 7. Dezember 2012 in Kanada.,	The Wii was released mini on 7 December 2012 in Canada.,
partially	Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić officially apologized for the massacre, although he stopped short of calling it genocide.	Im April 2013 entschuldigte sich Serbiens Präsident Tomislav Nikolić für das Massaker.	Serbia's President apologized in April 2013 Tomislav Nikolić for the massacre.
partially	The flag was originally designed in 1955 for the Council of Europe.	Die Flagge wurde vom Europarat seit 1955, von der EG seit 1985 als offizielles Emblem gebraucht.	The flag was used by the Council of Europe since 1955, by the EC since 1985 as an official emblem.
partially	Over 160,000 students were enrolled in the winter term of 2012/13.	In der Stadt studieren im Wintersemester 2012/13 an insgesamt 31 Universitäten und Hochschulen, darunter vier Kunsthochschulen, rund 160.000 Studenten.	In the town of about 160,000 students in the winter semester 2012/13 at a total of 31 universities and colleges, including four art schools.
partially	The Wii's successor, the Wii U, was released on November 18, 2012.	Die angekündigte Konsole erschien zum Jahresende 2012.	The announced console was released at the end of the year 2012.
partially	A major phase in the development of Western esotericism begins in the Renaissance, partly as the result of various attempts to revive such earlier movements.	In der Renaissance, in der man sich auf die Antike zurückbesann, erlebte auch die Esoterik einen Aufschwung.	In the Renaissance, in which you thought back to ancient times, also the esoteric experienced an upswing.
partially	The number of boroughs was reduced from 23 to twelve.	Zum 1. Januar 2001 wurde die Zahl der Berlin untergliedernden Bezirke durch deren Neugliederung von 23 auf 12 reduziert.	As of 1 January 2001, whose restructuring reduced the number of districts untergliedernden Berlin from 23 to 12.
partially	Most auditing requires an E-meter, a device that measures minute changes in electrical resistance through the body when a person holds electrodes (metal "cans"), and a small current is passed through them.	Dieses Gerät verfügt über zwei zylindrische Elektroden, die der Auditierte beim Auditing in seinen Händen hält, und über einen Zeiger, der Veränderungen des elektrischen Widerstands zwischen den Elektroden anzeigt.	This unit features two cylindrical electrodes, which keeps the audited when the auditing in his hands, and displays through a pointer, the changes in the electrical resistance between the electrodes.
partially	On September 14, 2006 Nintendo announced release information for Japan, North and South America, Oceania, Asia and Europe including dates, prices, and projected unit-distribution figures.	Am 14. September 2006 gab Nintendo auf Pressekonferenzen in Japan und den USA sowie am 15. September 2006 in London den Termin und Preisempfehlungen für den Verkaufsstart bekannt.	On September 14, 2006, Nintendo announced the dates and price recommendations for the sales start at press conferences in Japan and the United States, as well as at September 15, 2006 in London.
partially	In August 1993, a settlement was reached; the church would receive its tax-exempt status and end its legal assault on the IRS and its personnel.	Demgegenüber haben die Vereinigten Staaten Scientology nach jahrelangen Rechtsstreiten 1993 den Status einer steuerbefreiten Religionsgemeinschaft zuerkannt.	In contrast, the United States awarded 1993 Scientology the status of a tax-exempt religious community after years of legal disputes.
partially	In its fourth assessment (AR4 2007) of the relevant scientific literature, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported that scientists were more than 90% certain that most of global warming was being caused by increasing concentrations ...	Mit 90 % Sicherheit wird dies durch Treibhausgase, Rodungen und das Verbrennen von fossilem Treibstoff verursacht.	With 90% certainty, this is caused by greenhouse gases, deforestation and the burning of fossil fuels.
partially	It was proposed by Joseph Fourier in 1824, discovered in 1860 by John Tyndall, was first investigated quantitatively by Svante Arrhenius in 1896, and was developed in the 1930s through 1960s by Guy Stewart Callendar.	Aufbauend auf die Entdeckung des Treibhauseffektes durch Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier im Jahr 1824, identifizierte John Tyndall 1862 einige der für diesen Effekt verantwortlichen Gase, allen voran Wasserdampf und Kohlenstoffdioxid.	Based on the discovery of the greenhouse effect by Jean Baptiste Joseph Fourier in 1824, John Tyndall identified 1862 some of the gases responsible for this effect, above all water vapor and carbon dioxide.
partially	In most scenarios, emissions continue to rise over the century, while in a few, emissions are reduced.	In weiteren Szenarien wurden die Emissionen schrittweise bis zum Ende unseres Jahrhunderts fortgesetzt und dann ebenfalls abrupt beendet.	In other scenarios, the emissions were gradually continued until the end of the century and then also abruptly ended.
partially	In 1934, philosopher Anastasius Nordenholz published a book that used the term to mean "science of science".	Das Oxford English Dictionary führt den ersten Gebrauch des Begriffs auf den Schriftsteller Anastasius Nordenholz zurück, dessen Buch Scientologie – Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens 1934 erschien.	The Oxford English Dictionary is the first use of the term on the writer Anastasius North wood back, whose book of scientologie - science of nature and the capability of knowledge appeared in 1934.
partially	The popular media and the public often confuse global warming with ozone depletion, i.e., the destruction of stratospheric ozone (e.g., the ozone layer) by chlorofluorocarbons.	Die Annahme, das Ozonloch sei eine wesentliche Ursache der globalen Erwärmung, ist ebenso falsch, denn der Ozonabbau wärmt nicht das Klima der Erde, sondern kühlt es.	The assumption that the ozone hole is a major cause of global warming, is also wrong, because the ozone depletion not the Earth's climate is warming, but cools it.
partially	The ensemble on the Museum Island is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is situated in the northern part of the Spree Island between the Spree and the Kupfergraben.	1999 wurde die Museumsinsel in die UNESCO-Liste des Weltkulturerbes aufgenommen.	in 1999, the Museum Island was recorded in the UNESCOlist of world cultural heritage .
partially	It remained an accounting currency until 1 January 2002, when euro notes and coins were issued and national currencies began to phase out in the eurozone, which by then consisted of 12 member states.	Sie haben seit 2002 eine gemeinsame Währung, den Euro.	To have a common currency, the Euro, since 2002.
partially	The non-EU member states of Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Switzerland participate in the single market but not in the customs union.	Die EWR-Mitgliedstaaten Island, Liechtenstein und Norwegen bilden mit der Zollunion eine Freihandelszone, wenden aber nicht den gemeinsamen Zolltarif gegenüber Drittstaaten an.	The EEAcountries Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway form a free trade area with the Customs Union, apply but not the common customs tariff with third countries.
partially	On 4 October 2005, the Special Bosnian Serb Government Working Group said that 25,083 people were involved in the massacre, including 19,473 members of various Bosnian Serb armed forces that actively gave orders or directly took part in the massacre.	Anfang Oktober 2005 legte eine Sonderarbeitsgruppe der bosnisch-serbischen Regierung dem UN-Kriegsverbrechertribunal eine Liste von etwa 19.500 Personen vor, die sich an dem Massaker auf die eine oder andere Art direkt beteiligt haben sollen.	In October 2005, a special working group of the Bosnian Serb Government the UN war crimes Tribunal presented a list of about 19,500 people directly should have participated in the massacres on the one way or another.
partially	The Wii U was released on November 18, 2012 in North America, November 30, 2012 in Europe and Australia, and December 8, 2012 in Japan.	Die angekündigte Konsole erschien zum Jahresende 2012.	The announced console was released at the end of the year 2012.
partially	In about a month the patient recovered, and Copernicus returned to Frombork.	Kopernikus kehrte 1521 nach Frauenburg zurück.	In 1521, Copernicus returned to Frombork.
partially	The old Malay word for Japan, Jepang, was borrowed from a southern coastal Chinese dialect, probably Fukienese or Ningpo, and this Malay word was encountered by Portuguese traders in Malacca in the 16th century.	Portugiesische Händler, die im 16. Jahrhundert in Malakka auf den Begriff „Jepang“ stießen, brachten ihn dann mit nach Europa.	Portuguese traders, who encountered the term "Jepang" in the 16th century in Malacca , then brought him to Europe.
partially	Special influences on this include several court sentences, amongst which are the decision that the Mensur does not violate moral code in 1951 and the forced acceptance of the last fencing fraternity in Berlin in 1968, and the formal obligation to head o...	Der Verzicht auf die Austragung von Ehrenhändeln mit der Waffe wurde dann auch gegenüber dem damaligen deutschen Bundespräsidenten Theodor Heuss bei einem persönlichen Treffen 1953 von den Delegationen aller maßgeblichen mensurschlagenden Verbände ...	The waiver of the discharge of honor handle the weapon confirmed 1953 Theodor Heuss then also against the then German Federal President during a personal meeting the delegations of all relevant bore beating associations.
partially	The EU operates through a system of supranational institutions and intergovernmental negotiated decisions by the member states.	Es enthält sowohl supranationale (überstaatliche) als auch intergouvernementale (zwischenstaatliche) Elemente.	It contains both supranational (supranational) and intergovernmental (intergovernmental) elements.
partially	Anarchist communist philosopher Joseph Déjacque was the first person to describe himself as "libertarian".	Die erste politische Verwendung des Ausdrucks „libertär“ stammt von dem Anarchisten Joseph Déjacque, der den französischen Ausdruck libertaire 1857 in einem Brief an Pierre-Joseph Proudhon zur Abgrenzung des kommunistischen Anarchismus vom seiner ...	The first political use of the expression "libertarian" comes from the anarchist Joseph Déjacque, which 1857 in a letter to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon libertaire , the French term related to the delimitation of Communist anarchism of the Liberal his opinion...
partially	Honshū's Greater Tokyo Area, which includes the de facto capital of Tokyo and several surrounding prefectures, is the largest metropolitan area in the world, with over 30 million residents.	De-facto-Hauptstadt und größte urbane Siedlung Japans ist Tokio.	De-facto capital and largest urban settlement of Japan is Tokyo.
partially	It was not until the 1890s that legislative attempts to regulate minimum wages were seen in New Zealand and Australia.	1896 gab es in Neuseeland erste Gesetze zur Lohnschlichtung, aber noch keine festgelegten Mindestlöhne.	in 1896 there were first laws for salary arbitration, but still no set minimum wages in New Zealand.
partially	Black carbon is second only to carbon dioxide for its contribution to global warming.	Nach Modellrechnungen trägt Kohlenstoffdioxid am meisten zur globalen Erwärmung bei.	According to model calculations, carbon dioxide contributes the most to global warming.
partially	He died about 1483.	Als sein Vater 1483 starb, war Nikolaus zehn Jahre alt.	When his father died in 1483, Nicholas was ten years old.
partially	Climate model projections were summarized in the 2013 Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) by the IPCC.	Der Fünfte Sachstandsbericht ist im September 2013 erschienen.	The fifth progress report is released in September 2013.
partially	It is seen as an anticonstitutional sect and a new version of political extremism and because there is "evidence for intentions against the free democratic basic order" it is observed by the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution.	Folgerichtig wird die Scientology-Kirche in Deutschland seit 1997 vom Bundesamt für Verfassungsschutz und von einigen Landesämtern für Verfassungsschutz wegen Verdachts auf „Bestrebungen gegen die freiheitliche demokratische Grundordnung“ beobacht...	Consequently, the Church of Scientology in Germany is observed since 1997 by the Federal Office for the protection of the Constitution and by some country offices for the protection of the Constitution on "Ambitions against the free, democratic basic ord...
partially	On 2 June 2005, video evidence was introduced at the Slobodan Milošević trial to testify to the involvement of members of police units from Serbia in the Srebrenica massacre.	Am 2. Juni 2005 zeigte der Anklagevertreter im Prozess gegen den früheren jugoslawischen Staatspräsidenten Slobodan Milošević ein Videoband, das die Erschießung von vier männlichen Jugendlichen und zwei jungen Männern zeigt.	On 2 June 2005, the prosecution representative showed in the trial against the former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic a videotape that shows the shooting of four male teenagers and two young men.
partially	As a result the Dutch government accepted partial political responsibility for the circumstances in which the massacre happened and the second cabinet of Wim Kok resigned in 2002.	Auch der Rücktritt der niederländischen Regierung unter Wim Kok am 16. April 2002, wenige Tage nach Veröffentlichung der umfangreichen Srebrenica-Studie des Niederländischen Instituts für Kriegsdokumentation, wurde als Symbol interpretiert, sieben J...	Also, the resignation of the Dutch Government , Wim Kok , on April 16, 2002, a few days after publication of the extensive Srebrenica trial of the Dutch Institute for war documentation, was interpreted as a symbol, seven years after the events to take po...
partially	Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić officially apologized for the massacre, although he stopped short of calling it genocide.	Zu jenen, die den Begriff „Völkermord“ ablehnen, gehört der serbische Präsident Tomislav Nikolić.	Among those who reject the term "Genocide", the Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić.
partially	These levels are much higher than at any time during the last 800,000 years, the period for which reliable data has been extracted from ice cores.	Nach Messungen aus Eisbohrkernen betrug die CO2-Konzentration in den letzten 800.000 Jahren nie mehr als 300 ppmV.	According to measurements from ice cores the CO2concentration was never more than 300 ppmV in the last 800,000 years.
partially	His sister Katharina married the businessman and Toruń city councilor Barthel Gertner and left five children, whom Copernicus looked after to the end of his life.	Die ältere Schwester Barbara Koppernigk wurde Äbtissin im Kloster von Kulm, die jüngere Katharina heiratete Barthel Gertner, einen Krakauer Kaufmann.	'S older sister Of ancestors of Barbara was Abbess of the monastery of Kulm, the younger Katharina married Barthel Gertner, a Krakow businessman.
partially	On 1 December 2009, the Lisbon Treaty entered into force and reformed many aspects of the EU.	Er ist am 1. Dezember 2009 in Kraft getreten.	He is entered into force on December 1, 2009.
partially	Also in 1951, Hubbard introduced the electropsychometer (E-meter for short), a kind of galvanometer, as an auditing aid.	Als wichtigstes technisches Hilfsmittel beim Auditing findet das E-Meter Anwendung.	As the most important technical tools for auditing , the E-Meter is used.
partially	Black consoles were available in Japan in August 2009, in Europe in November 2009 and in North America on May 9, 2010.	Seit August 2009 wird in Japan eine schwarze Wii verkauft, alle anderen Farb-Varianten sind bisher jedoch nicht erhältlich.	Since August 2009, a black Wii is sold in Japan, all other color variants so far but not available.
partially	The EU has developed a single market through a standardised system of laws that apply in all member states.	Damit wurde die Wirtschaftsgemeinschaft zu einem einheitlichen Binnenmarkt ausgebaut.	Thus, the community was expanded into a single internal market .
partially	Players with either the Pokémon Diamond or Pearl Nintendo DS games are able to play battles using the Nintendo DS as a controller.	Besitzer der DS-Spiele Pokémon Diamant und Pokémon Perl können hier ihre Pokémon auf Wii übertragen.	Owner of DS Games Pokémon Diamond and Pokémon Pearl your Pokémon can transfer here on Wii.
partially	In 1990, after the fall of the Eastern Bloc, the former East Germany became part of the Community as part of a reunited Germany.	Mit der deutschen Wiedervereinigung am 3. Oktober 1990 vergrößerte sich die Zahl der Bürger innerhalb der Europäischen Gemeinschaft um die rund 16 Millionen neuen Staatsbürger der Bundesrepublik Deutschland, deren Staatsgebiet sich seitdem auch auf ...	With the German reunification on 3 October 1990 the number of citizens within the European Community to the 16 million new citizens widened the Federal Republic of Germany, whose territory stretches since then also on the area of the former GDR .
partially	On 1 December 2009, the Treaty of Lisbon entered into force and he assumed office.	Er ist am 1. Dezember 2009 in Kraft getreten.	He is entered into force on December 1, 2009.
partially	Berlin Tegel Airport (TXL), which lies within the city limits, and Schönefeld Airport (SXF), which is situated just outside Berlin's south-eastern border in the state of Brandenburg.	Der unmittelbar außerhalb der Stadtgrenze gelegene Flughafen Berlin-Schönefeld (SXF) gehört zur Gemeinde Schönefeld.	Berlin-Schönefeld airport just outside the city limits (SXF) belongs to the municipality of Schönefeld.
partially	The former (1237) is considered to be the founding date of the city.	Die auf der Spreeinsel gelegene Stadt Cölln wurde 1237 erstmals urkundlich erwähnt.	She was mentioned 1237 for the first time on the Spree Island city Cölln .
partially	This thesis is in part a response to the common use of truth predicates (e.g., that some particular thing "...is true") which was particularly prevalent in philosophical discourse on truth in the first half of the 20th century.	Letzterer Einwand setzt einen Verifikationismus voraus, wie er in der ersten Hälfte des 20. Jahrhunderts teilweise populär war, inzwischen aber von vielen Wissenschaftstheoretikern abgelehnt wird.	The latter objection requires a Verifikationismus, as he was part popular in the first half of the 20th century, but now rejected by many science theorists.
partially	Left-libertarians believe that neither claiming nor mixing one's labor with natural resources is enough to generate full private property rights, and maintain that natural resources ought to be held in some egalitarian manner, either unowned or owned col...	Insbesondere wird deshalb innerhalb des Libertarismus zwischen linken und rechten Strömungen unterschieden, die sich durch unterschiedliche Auffassungen über die Grenzen und den Erwerb von Eigentumsrechten unterscheiden.	In particular therefore within the libertarianism, distinguishes between left and right movements which differ by different views on the borders and the acquisition of property rights.
partially	In 1871, Berlin became capital of the newly founded German Empire.	Mit Gründung des Kaiserreichs lässt sich der Beginn der Gründerzeit, in dessen Folge Deutschland zur Weltmacht und Berlin zur Weltstadt aufstieg, für Deutschland sehr genau auf das Jahr 1871 datieren.	The beginning of the founding period, as a result Germany became the world power and Berlin to the world city , can be dated for Germany very accurately the year 1871 with the founding of the Empire .
partially	On 5 July 2011, the court of appeal reversed and held that the State was responsible for, and indeed actively coordinated, the evacuation once Srebrenica fell, and therefore is responsible for the decision to dismiss Nuhanović's brother and Mustafić fr...	Am 5. Juli 2011 urteilte ein Berufungsgericht in Den Haag, dass die Niederlande für den Tod der drei Männer verantwortlich sind.	On July 5, 2011, an appeals court in the Hague ruled that the Netherlands for the deaths of the three men are responsible.
partially	In 2005, the Church of Scientology stated its worldwide membership to be eight million, although that number included people who took only the introductory course and did not continue on.	Diese Zahl umfasst auch Personen, die lediglich an einem Einführungskurs teilnahmen.	This figure includes people who only attended an introductory course.
partially	He met the famous astronomer Domenico Maria Novara da Ferrara and became his disciple and assistant.	In Bologna studierte Kopernikus neben Griechisch bei Urceus Codrus auch Astronomie und lernte bei Domenico Maria da Novara neuere Theorien zur Bewegung der Planeten kennen.	Copernicus studied also astronomy as well as Greek at Urceus Codrus , Bologna and learned at Domenico Maria da Novara know newer theories of the motion of the planets.
partially	Luther's collaborator Philipp Melanchthon also took issue with Copernicanism.	Eine Ablehnung der heliozentrischen Lehre erfolgte stattdessen von protestantischer Seite, allen voran Luther und Melanchthon.	A rejection of the heliocentric theory was above all instead of Protestant side, Luther and Melanchthon.
partially	It was released in Canada on December 7, 2012 with a MSRP of C$99.99, in Europe on March 15, 2013, in the United Kingdom on March 22, 2013, and in the United States on November 17, 2013.	Am 15. März 2013 erschien die Wii mini in Deutschland, eine Woche später am 22. März 2013 in Großbritannien.	On March 15, 2013 appeared Wii mini in Germany, a week later on 22 March 2013 in the United Kingdom.
partially	Nintendo announced the successor to the Wii, Wii U, at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011.	Auf der E3-Konferenz wurde von Nintendo bekanntgegeben, dass der offizielle Name Wii U lautet.	At the E3 Conference was announced by Nintendo, that is the official name of Wii U .
partially	A 2010 study by three economists (Arindrajit Dube of the University of Massachusetts Amherst, T. William Lester of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and Michael Reich of the University of California, Berkeley), compared adjacent counties i...	Die 2010 veröffentlichte Untersuchung „Minimum Wage Effects Across State Borders“ des Arbeitsmarkt-Forschungszentrums an der University of California in Berkeley kam zum Ergebnis, dass höhere Mindestlöhne in den USA in den vergangenen 16 Jahren zu...	The 2010 study "Minimum wage Effects Across State borders" of the labour market research centre at the University of California at Berkeley concluded that higher minimum wages in the United States have led to any loss of jobs in the past 16 years.
different	Nintendo announced the successor to the Wii, Wii U, at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011.	Sie wurde auf der E3 Expo 2011 in Los Angeles erstmals präsentiert.	She was is unveiling 2011 Expo at E3 in Los Angeles .
different	Following the LDP's landslide victory in the 2012 general election, Shinzō Abe replaced Yoshihiko Noda as the Prime Minister on December 26, 2012.	In der Unterhauswahl im Dezember 2012 gewannen Liberaldemokratische Partei (LDP) und Kōmeitō zusammen mehr als ein Drittel der Stimmen und eine Zweidrittelmehrheit der Sitze.	Won in the general election in December 2012 Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) and new komeito party along more than one-third of the vote and a two-thirds majority of the seats.
different	Some 250 high-speed Shinkansen trains connect major cities and Japanese trains are known for their safety and punctuality.	Die Ost-West-Verbindung des Shinkansen ist die Lebensader des Landes.	The East-West connection of the Shinkansen is the lifeline of the country.
different	The combined population of all member states, excluding Croatia, which joined the EU in 2013, was forecast to be 503,679,730 on 1 January 2012.	Am 1. Juli 2013 wurde Kroatien der 28. Mitgliedsstaat.	Croatia the 28th Member State was on July 1, 2013.
different	Historically, 40 Nobel Prize winners are affiliated with the Berlin-based universities.	Die im Zuge der Preußischen Reformen durch Wilhelm von Humboldt gegründete und im Jahre 1809 eröffnete Berliner Universität brachte 29 Nobelpreisträger hervor.	The opened in 1809 and was founded in the wake of the Prussian reforms by Wilhelm von Humboldt University of Berlin has produced 29 Nobel Prize winners .
different	The ensemble on the Museum Island is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is situated in the northern part of the Spree Island between the Spree and the Kupfergraben.	Im Jahr 1841 bestimmte eine königliche Order, die von Spree und Kupfergraben umflossene Museumsinsel im nördlichen Teil der Spreeinsel zu einem „der Kunst und der Altertumswissenschaft geweihten Bezirk“.	In 1841, a royal order, the Museum Island round of spree and the Kupfergraben , which flows in the northern part of the Spree Island to a certain "Art and the archaeology consecrated district".
different	The Greater Berlin Act in 1920 incorporated many suburbs and surrounding cities of Berlin.	Mit dem Groß-Berlin-Gesetz von 1920 stieg die Bevölkerungszahl durch Eingemeindung bisher unabhängiger Städte und Dörfer auf fast vier Millionen an.	The population grew to almost four million through merger of previously independent towns and villages with the Greater Berlin Act of 1920.
different	One had been a member of the group separated from the women in Potočari on 13 July.	Die bosniakischen Männer, die in Potočari von den Frauen, Kindern und Älteren getrennt worden waren, wurden nach Bratunac transportiert.	The Bosniak men who were separated in Potočari from the women, children and elderly were transported to Bratunac .
different	It is commonly referred to as a continuation or radicalization of classical liberalism.	Die Libertären der USA berufen sich weiterhin auf Vertreter des Klassischen Liberalismus der Aufklärung.	The libertarians of the United States continue to rely on representatives of the classical liberalism of the enlightenment.
different	While acknowledging that a number of his colleagues accept Scientology as a religion, sociologist Stephen A. Kent writes: "Rather than struggling over whether or not to label Scientology as a religion, I find it far more helpful to view it as a multiface...	Hubbard, so Stephen A. Kent, habe Scientology nur den Deckmantel einer „Religion“ umgehängt, um Steuern zu sparen und auf potenzielle Mitglieder attraktiver zu wirken.	Hubbard, so Stephen A. Kent, Scientology hung around only the guise of 'religion', to save taxes and work more attractive to potential members.
different	The church was destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins.	Die im Zweiten Weltkrieg zerstörte Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gedächtniskirche wurde zwischen 1891 und 1895 erbaut.	The Kaiser-Wilhelm Gedächtniskirche Church destroyed during the second world war was built between 1891 and 1895.
different	The church was destroyed in the Second World War and left in ruins.	Vor dem Zweiten Weltkrieg war die anglikanische Kirche in einem gotischen Kirchbau im Monbijoupark beheimatet; diese wurde aber durch den Krieg stark beschädigt und die Ruine wurde von der DDR-Führung abgerissen.	Before the second world war, the Anglican Church in a Gothic church building in monbijou Park was located; This was badly damaged but the war and the ruin was demolished by the East German Government.
different	It was not until the 1890s that legislative attempts to regulate minimum wages were seen in New Zealand and Australia.	1896 wurden in Neuseeland durch den Industrial Conciliation and Arbitration Act Lohnschlichtungsstellen eingeführt, gefolgt von Victoria, Australien, im Jahr 1899 und Großbritannien im Jahr 1909, die ähnliche Schlichtungsstellen einführten.	in 1896 were in New Zealand by the industrial conciliation and Arbitration Act wage resolution Authority introduced followed by Victoria, Australia, in the year of 1899 and the United Kingdom in 1909, the similar arbitration bodies introduced.
different	Many scientology techniques are in fact hypnotic techniques, and Hubbard has not changed their nature by changing their names.	Während Hubbard in Dianetik Hypnose ablehnt, sprach der Report für die australische Regierung im Jahre 1965 davon, dass beim Auditing hypnotisierende Techniken eingesetzt werden.	While Hubbard Dianetics hypnosis, the report for the Australian Government said in 1965 the fact that hypnotic techniques used in auditing.
different	In 1307 they formed an alliance with a common external policy, their internal administrations still being separated.	Die beiden Städte bekamen 1307 ein gemeinsames Rathaus.	The two cities had a common Town Hall 1307.
different	Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds are supporting the development of underdeveloped regions of the EU.	Der erste der drei Strukturfonds ist der Europäische Fonds für regionale Entwicklung (EFRE).	The European regional development fund (ERDF) is the first of the three structural funds.
different	Friedrichstraße was Berlin's legendary street during the Golden Twenties.	Die Stadt erlebte in den 1920er Jahren eine Blütezeit der Kunst, Wissenschaft und Kultur, die später als die „Goldenen Zwanziger“ bezeichnet wurden.	In the 1920s, the city experienced a golden age of art, science and culture, which were referred to as the "Golden twenties".
different	The global warming controversy refers to a variety of disputes, substantially more pronounced in the popular media than in the scientific literature, regarding the nature, causes, and consequences of global warming.	Die Erforschung von Ursachen und Folgen der globalen Erwärmung ist seit ihrem Beginn eng mit der Analyse der klimatischen Bedingungen vergangener Zeiten verknüpft.	The investigation of causes and consequences of global warming is closely related to the analysis of the climatic conditions of the past since its inception.
different	Reducing the amount of future climate change is called mitigation of climate change.	Anpassungsmaßnahmen an die globale Erwärmung beziehen sich auf bereits eingetretene bzw. künftig zu erwartende Klimaänderungen.	Adaptation to global warming relate to already occurred or to expected future climate change.
different	According to Noam Chomsky, analysis of the psychological implications of wage slavery goes back to the Enlightenment era.	Der amerikanische Sprachwissenschaftler Noam Chomsky bezeichnete sich zur Abgrenzung deshalb wiederholt als libertarian socialist, wobei er den Bedeutungswandel des Begriffs libertarian kritisiert.	The American linguist Noam Chomsky described to distinguish therefore repeatedly as a libertarian socialist, where he criticized the change in meaning of the term libertarian .
different	Following German reunification in 1990, the city was once more designated as the capital of all Germany, hosting 158 foreign embassies.	Die überwiegende Zahl der Auslandsvertretungen in Deutschland verlegten in den folgenden Jahren ihren Sitz von Bonn nach Berlin.	The majority of foreign representatives in Germany moved its headquarters from Bonn to Berlin in the following years.
different	While acknowledging that a number of his colleagues accept Scientology as a religion, sociologist Stephen A. Kent writes: "Rather than struggling over whether or not to label Scientology as a religion, I find it far more helpful to view it as a multiface...	Die Mehrheit der Religions- und Sozialwissenschaftler, die sich mit dem Thema befasst haben, bejaht die Einstufbarkeit als Religion, was sich in entsprechenden wissenschaftlichen Gutachten zur Verteidigung der Scientology-Kirche in rechtlichen und politi...	The majority of the religious and social scientists, which deals with the topic, answered in the affirmative the one ability as a religion, what is reflected in appropriate scientific advice to the defense of the Church of Scientology in legal and politi...
different	In Florida, where voters approved an increase in 2004, a follow-up comprehensive study after the increase confirmed a strong economy with increased employment above previous years in Florida and better than in the U.S. as a whole.	20 Bundesstaaten haben bislang von der Möglichkeit zur selbständigen Erhöhung des Mindestlohns Gebrauch gemacht, darunter vor allem Staaten im Westen und Nordosten der USA sowie Florida.	20 States have exercised so far of the possibility of independent increasing the minimum wage, in particular States in the West and northeast of the United States, as well as Florida.
different	This helps explain why France also has shockingly high rates of youth unemployment: 26% for 15- to 24-year-olds."	In Frankreich, wo der Mindestlohn so hoch ist, dass 15,6 % der Arbeitnehmer betroffen sind, zeigten sich im Unterschied dazu teilweise starke negative Beschäftigungseffekte, vor allem bei Jugendlichen und Frauen.	In France, where the minimum wage is so high that 15.6% of workers are affected, some strong negative employment effects, especially among young people and women were seen in contrast.
different	The Bundesrat ("federal council", performing the function of an upper house) is the representation of the Federal States (Bundesländer) of Germany and has its seat at the former Prussian House of Lords.	Bundestag (im Reichstagsgebäude), Bundesrat (im Preußischen Herrenhaus) und Bundesregierung haben seitdem ihren Betrieb in der Bundeshauptstadt aufgenommen.	Bundestag (the Reichstag), Bundesrat (the Prussian mansion) and the Federal Government have since their operating in the capital city recorded.
different	2009 saw the rise of the Tea Party movement, an American political movement known for advocating a reduction in the U.S. national debt and federal budget deficit by reducing U.S. government spending and taxes, which had a significant libertarian componen...	Karin Priester meint in derselben APuZ-Ausgabe, in der auch Gero Neugebauer schrieb, dass der in den USA sich formierende minimalstaatliche Libertarismus in der Tea-Party-Bewegung anziehend wirke auf rechtsextreme Splittergruppen wie Milizen, Patriot-Gru...	Karin priest - output, where also Gero Neugebauer wrote that the minimal State libertarianism in the Tea party movement that forms itself in the United States appealing effect on right-wing extremist splinter groups such as militias or Patriot groups whi...
different	According to the Economic Policy Institute, the minimum wage in the United States would have been $18.28 in 2013 if the minimum wage kept pace with labor productivity.	Den höchsten gesetzlichen Mindestlohn in den USA hat San Francisco in Kalifornien mit 10,55 Dollar seit Januar 2013.	San Francisco , California has the highest minimum wage in the United States with 10.55 dollars since January, 2013.
different	Advocates of slavery looked upon the "comparative evils of Slave Society and of Free Society, of slavery to human Masters and slavery to Capital," and proceeded to argue persuasively that wage slavery was actually worse than chattel slavery.	So könne sich in einer libertären Gesellschaft nach Auffassung von Nozick jeder selbst in die Sklaverei verkaufen.	So everyone even in slavery could sell in a libertarian society according to Nozick.
different	Parties to the UNFCCC have adopted a range of policies designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and to assist in adaptation to global warming.	Auf der technischen Seite existiert eine Vielzahl von Optionen zur Verminderung von Treibhausgasemissionen.	On the technical side, a wide variety exists options to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
different	In 2004, the international community's High Representative Paddy Ashdown had the Government of Republika Srpska form a committee to investigate the events.	Im Juni 2004 räumten Vertreter der Republika Srpska erstmals offiziell die Verantwortung bosnisch-serbischer Sicherheitskräfte für das Massaker von Srebrenica ein.	In June 2004, representatives of Republika Srpska officially conceded the responsibility of Bosnian Serb security forces for the massacre at Srebrenica.
different	Although minimum wage laws are in effect in many jurisdictions, differences of opinion exist about the benefits and drawbacks of a minimum wage.	Für alle Beschäftigungsverhältnisse ist ein Mindestgehalt per Gesetz vorgeschrieben.	A minimum wage law is mandatory for all employment relationships.
different	Global warming has been detected in a number of natural systems.	Eine Reihe von Faktoren beeinflussen das globale Klimasystem.	A number of factors affect the global climate system.
different	The system was well received after its exhibition at E3 2006.	Was beispielsweise an Hardware auf der E³ im Mai 2006 gezeigt wurde, war speziell für die Messe angefertigt.	What was shown, for example, to hardware on the E ³ in May 2006, was specially made for the exhibition.
different	The IPCC projections given in the lede span the "likely" range (greater than 66% probability, based on expert judgement) for the selected emissions scenarios.	Mit 90 % Sicherheit wird dies durch Treibhausgase, Rodungen und das Verbrennen von fossilem Treibstoff verursacht.	With 90% certainty, this is caused by greenhouse gases, deforestation and the burning of fossil fuels.
different	Global dimming, a gradual reduction in the amount of global direct irradiance at the Earth's surface, was observed from 1961 until at least 1990.	Er nennt acht Gründe für seine Vermutung, darunter unter anderem auch den Rückgang der globalen Verdunkelung und Rückkopplungseffekte durch Biomasse.	He lists eight reasons for his presumption, including also the decline of global dimming and feedback effects of biomass.
different	In the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy, libertarianism is defined as the moral view that agents initially fully own themselves and have certain moral powers to acquire property rights in external things.	Insbesondere wird deshalb innerhalb des Libertarismus zwischen linken und rechten Strömungen unterschieden, die sich durch unterschiedliche Auffassungen über die Grenzen und den Erwerb von Eigentumsrechten unterscheiden.	In particular therefore within the libertarianism, distinguishes between left and right movements which differ by different views on the borders and the acquisition of property rights.
different	The non-EU member states of Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Switzerland participate in the single market but not in the customs union.	Dies betrifft insbesondere Norwegen, Island und Liechtenstein.	This applies in particular to Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein.
different	The soldiers then ordered the two remaining captives to take the four dead bodies into a nearby barn, where they were also killed upon completing this task.	Am 2. Juni 2005 zeigte der Anklagevertreter im Prozess gegen den früheren jugoslawischen Staatspräsidenten Slobodan Milošević ein Videoband, das die Erschießung von vier männlichen Jugendlichen und zwei jungen Männern zeigt.	On 2 June 2005, the prosecution representative showed in the trial against the former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic a videotape that shows the shooting of four male teenagers and two young men.
different	"(...) Some scholars regard Nietzsche's 1873 unpublished essay, "On Truth and Lies in a Nonmoral Sense" ("Über Wahrheit und Lüge im außermoralischen Sinn") as a keystone in his thought.	Starke Kritik kam erstmals von Friedrich Nietzsche, der auf die menschlichen Interessen, Neigungen, den Willen, und das Triebhafte hingewiesen hat, das hinter aller Erkenntnis steht.	Strong criticism was first introduced by Friedrich Nietzsche, who pointed out the human interests, inclinations, the will, and the primitive, that is behind of all knowledge.
different	Twenty-one games were announced for launch day in North and South America, with another twelve announced for release later in 2006.	2006 wurde einige Tage vor Beginn der E³ der endgültige Name der Spielkonsole bekanntgegeben.	2006 the final name of the game console was announced a few days before the start of the E ³.
different	There are six countries which are recognized as candidates for membership: Albania, Iceland, Macedonia,[e] Montenegro, Serbia, and Turkey.	Serbien wurde am 1. März 2012 formal als Beitrittskandidat anerkannt und Albanien am 24. Juni 2014.	Serbia was recognized formally and Albania on March 1, 2012 as a candidate on June 24, 2014th
different	A number of Scientology organizations specialize in promoting the use of Scientology technology as a means to solve social problems.	Der analytische Verstand löse bewusst Probleme und speichere Erfahrungen für spätere Problemlösungen als mentale Bilder.	The analytical mind deliberately to solve problems and save experiences for future problem solving as mental images.
different	Watzenrode came to be considered the most powerful man in Warmia, and his wealth, connections and influence allowed him to secure Copernicus' education and career as a canon at Frombork Cathedral.	Die sterblichen Überreste wurden am 22. Mai 2010 feierlich als diejenigen von Kopernikus im Frauenburger Dom wieder beigesetzt.	The remains were buried solemnly again on May 22, 2010 than those of Copernicus in Frombork Cathedral .
different	Under the de-inflated figures, the EU as a whole did not reach its internal aid target in 2006 and is expected not to reach the international target of 0.7% of gross national income until 2015.	Die Beiträge der Mitgliedstaaten resultieren zum einen aus einem Anteil der Umsatzsteuer, der an die EU abzuführen ist (sogenannte Mehrwertsteuer-Eigenmittel), zum anderen aus Beiträgen, die sich proportional aus dem Bruttonationaleinkommen (BNE) der ...	The contributions of Member States to the one resulting from a proportion of the VAT, which is to be transferred to the EU (so-called VAT own resources), on the other, the contributions arising from the gross national income (GNI) of the States proportio...
different	Japan's exports amounted to US$4,210 per capita in 2005.	Der Export im Jahr 2011 betrug 822,7 Milliarden US-Dollar.	The export amounted to US$ 822,7 billion in 2011.
different	The best-selling unbundled game is Mario Kart Wii, with 35.53 million units sold.	Das Mario Kart Wii Pack ist laut Nintendo limitiert und erschien am 26. November 2010.	The Mario Kart Wii Pack is limited according to Nintendo, released 2010 on November 26
different	The combined population of all member states, excluding Croatia, which joined the EU in 2013, was forecast to be 503,679,730 on 1 January 2012.	Die Europäische Union gehört damit mit einer Bevölkerungsdichte von 116 Einwohner/km2 zu den dichtest besiedelten Regionen der Welt.	the European Union thus with a population density of 116 inhabitants/km2 belongs to the most densely populated regions of the world.
different	Precipitation is not heavy, but the islands usually develop deep snowbanks in the winter.	Im späten Juni und frühen Juli fällt im Süden ein Großteil des Jahresniederschlages als monsunartige Regenfront (梅雨前線, baiu zensen).	In late June and early July, most of the annual precipitation as monsoon-like falling rain front in the South (梅雨前線, shoki Zaidan).
different	Another estimated 460,000 citizens in 2013 are descendants of international migrants and have either become naturalized German citizens or obtained citizenship by virtue of birth in Germany.	So sind bis heute in zahlreichen Ortsteilen im Westteil über 40 Prozent der deutschen Einwohner evangelisch oder katholisch, während es in den in der DDR entstandenen Neubaugebieten teils unter 10 Prozent sind.	As over 40 percent of the German population are Protestant or Catholic, remained in many districts in the western part while there are partly in the new territories resulting in the GDR under 10 percent.
different	According to an interview with Nintendo game designer Shigeru Miyamoto, the concept involved focusing on a new form of player interaction.	2013 gab Shigeru Miyamoto an, dass man die Entscheidung die Wii nicht für HDTV konzipiert zu haben im Nachhinein bereut habe.	2013, Shigeru Miyamoto stated that one to have designed the Wii not for HDTV afterwards have regretted the decision.
different	After the Soviet invasion of Manchuria and the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945, Japan agreed to an unconditional surrender on August 15.	Mit Gebeten, Kranzniederlegungen und Aufrufen zu einer nuklearwaffenfreien Welt haben in Hiroshima Menschen der Opfer des ersten Atombombenabwurfs 61 Jahre zuvor gedacht.	With prayers, wreath stoppages and calls for a nuclear-free world people have thought in Hiroshima for victims of the first atomic 61 years earlier.
different	Global warming is the observed century-scale rise in the average temperature of Earth's climate system.	Dies wird anhand von Beobachtungen der steigenden Durchschnittstemperatur der Luft und Ozeane, großflächigem Abschmelzen von Schnee- und Eisflächen und dem Meeresspiegelanstieg ermittelt.	This is determined by observations of increasing average temperature of the air and oceans, large-scale melting of snowand ice and sea level rise .
different	The All Sports Team has received the award "Team of the Year 2013" in Lower Saxony	Hannover beheimatet mit dem All Sports Team Hannover eine Topmannschaft im Drachenbootsport.	Hannover is a top team in the Dragonwith the All Sports Team Hannover .
different	In the 1990s, representatives of Scientology began to take action against increased criticism of Scientology on the Internet.	1990 ergab eine repräsentative Umfrage unter US-Amerikanern nur noch 45.000 Scientologen.	in 1990, a representative survey of Americans found only 45,000 Scientologists.
different	Global warming has been detected in a number of natural systems.	Der Themenkomplex der globalen Erwärmung war seit jeher Gegenstand kontroverser Diskussionen mit wechselnden Schwerpunkten.	The issue of global warming has been always the subject of controversial discussions with changing priorities.
different	While Rheticus initially supervised the printing, he had to leave Nuremberg before it was completed, and he handed over the task of supervising the rest of the printing to a Lutheran theologian, Andreas Osiander.	Der Reformator Andreas Osiander hatte zudem eigenmächtig und anonym ein Vorwort hinzugefügt, in dem das neue Weltbild als bloßes Rechenhilfsmittel dargestellt wird, als mathematische Hilfskonstruktion zur einfacheren Berechnung der Planetenbahnen.	The reformer Andreas Osiander had added anonymously and also on their own a preface, in which the new worldview as mere computational tool is represented as mathematical auxiliary to the simpler calculation of the planets.
different	While acknowledging that a number of his colleagues accept Scientology as a religion, sociologist Stephen A. Kent writes: "Rather than struggling over whether or not to label Scientology as a religion, I find it far more helpful to view it as a multiface...	Der politische Einfluss dieser Tarnorganisationen beschränke sich bis heute hauptsächlich auf die Vereinigten Staaten, doch einige der betreffenden Organisationen spiegeln nach Ansicht von Stephen A. Kent „eine totalitäre Ideologie mit dem Ziel welt...	The political influence of this concealed limit until today mainly on the United States, but some of the organisations concerned reflect opinion of Stephen A. Kent "a totalitarian ideology with the aim of world domination".
different	Berlin is known for its numerous cultural institutions, many of which enjoy international reputation.	Berlin ist besonders auch für sein Nachtleben bekannt.	Berlin is known for its night life .
different	Approximately 80% of the 12,000 registered Jews, 0.3% now residing in Berlin have come from the former Soviet Union.	Nach älteren Angaben sind 7,2 Prozent dem Islam zuzurechnen, 0,3 Prozent gehören zur Jüdischen Gemeinde, 0,6 Prozent gehören einer weiteren Religion an.	According to older, 7.2 per cent are attributable to Islam, 0.3 per cent belong to the Jewish community, 0.6 percent belong to an another religion.
different	Reductions in emissions of non-CO2 anthropogenic GHGs (e.g., methane and nitrous oxide) would also be necessary.	Der Volumenanteil von Lachgas stieg von vorindustriell 270 ppbV auf mittlerweile 323 ppbV.	The volume fraction of nitrous oxide has risen from pre-industrial 270 ppbV now 323 ppbV.
different	On 16 November 1995 Radovan Karadžić, "President of the Republika Srpska" and Ratko Mladić, Commander of the VRS, were indicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for their alleged direct responsibility for the atrocities...	Staaten, die keine Truppen vor Ort hatten, favorisierten zunehmend eine Erweiterung des Mandats; auch die Anwendung von militärischer Gewalt gegen die VRS sollte aus ihrer Sicht erwogen werden.	States which had no troops on the ground, increasingly favored an extension of the mandate; the use of military force against the VRS should be considered from their point of view.
different	Flinn further states that religion requires "beliefs in something transcendental or ultimate, practices (rites and codes of behavior) that re-inforce those beliefs and, a community that is sustained by both the beliefs and practices", all of which are pr...	Diese Zahl umfasst auch Personen, die lediglich an einem Einführungskurs teilnahmen.	This figure includes people who only attended an introductory course.
different	In the mid-sixties, the Church of Scientology was banned in several Australian states, starting with Victoria in 1965.	Während Hubbard in Dianetik Hypnose ablehnt, sprach der Report für die australische Regierung im Jahre 1965 davon, dass beim Auditing hypnotisierende Techniken eingesetzt werden.	While Hubbard Dianetics hypnosis, the report for the Australian Government said in 1965 the fact that hypnotic techniques used in auditing.
different	Today, the EU has some of the most progressive environmental policies of any state in the world.	Dieser Reformprozess der Gemeinsamen Agrarpolitik ist jedoch bis heute nicht abgeschlossen.	However, this process of reform of the common agricultural policy is not completed until today.
different	A Nintendo GameCube Memory Card is also necessary to save game progress and content, since the Wii internal flash memory will not save GameCube games.	Sie sind per Internet-Download verfügbar und können im internen Flash-Speicher oder auf einer SD-Speicherkarte gespeichert werden.	They are available via Internet download and can be stored in the internal Flash memory or on an SD memory card.
different	The Independent Evangelical Lutheran Church has eight parishes of different sizes in Berlin.	Diese Kirchengemeinden gehören zum Kirchenbezirk Berlin-Brandenburg, der von Superintendent Peter Brückmann, Berlin-Wedding, geleitet wird.	These parishes belong to the Church District Berlin-Brandenburg, led by Superintendent Peter Brückmann, Berlin-wedding.
different	Japan's main import markets {{as of}} were China (21.3 percent), the US (8.8 percent), Australia (6.4 percent), Saudi Arabia (6.2 percent), United Arab Emirates (5.0 percent), South Korea (4.6 percent) and Qatar (4.0 percent).	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	Primary schools, secondary schools and universities were introduced in 1872 as a result of the Meiji Restoration.	Vor jedem weiteren Schritt im japanischen Bildungssystem steht dann eine Aufnahmeprüfung (Mittelschule (zum Teil), Oberschule, Uni).	An entrance exam (secondary school (in part), high school, University) is available before any other step in the Japanese education system.
different	Other concerns include purchasing power, inflation indexing and standardized working hours.	Seitdem wurde er regelmäßig erhöht, und seine stärkste Kaufkraft bestand im Jahr 1968 mit 1,60 Dollar pro Stunde, was auf Preise des Jahres 2013 umgerechnet 10,70 Dollar entspricht.	Since then he has been regularly increased, and his strongest purchasing power was in 1968 with 1.60 dollars per hour, which is equivalent to $ 10.70 dollars on prices of the year 2013.
different	On 25 April 2013, President Tomislav Nikolic apologized for the massacre: "I kneel and ask for forgiveness for Serbia for the crime committed in Srebrenica.	Zu jenen, die den Begriff „Völkermord“ ablehnen, gehört der serbische Präsident Tomislav Nikolić.	Among those who reject the term "Genocide", the Serbian President Tomislav Nikolić.
different	Zdravko Tolimir was an advocate of the use of chemical weapons against the ArBiH.)	Im Prozess gegen Zdravko Tolimir, einen von sieben Stellvertretern Mladićs, wurde dieser am 12. Dezember 2012 der Anklage des Völkermordes für schuldig befunden und zu lebenslanger Haft verurteilt.	In the trial of Zdravko Tolimir, this was sentenced one of seven deputies of Mladić, on December 12, 2012 the accusation of genocide found guilty and to life imprisonment.
different	On 4 June 1995, the French commander of the UN forces in former Yugoslavia, general Bernard Janvier, secretly met with Ratko Mladić to obtain the release of hostages, many of whom were French.	Die Lage für die UNO-Soldaten vor Ort wurde auch dadurch verschärft, dass der kommandierende französische General Bernard Janvier jegliche Luftunterstützung verweigerte.	The situation for the UN troops on the ground was also exacerbated by the Commander, French General Bernard Janvier refused to allow any air support.
different	The largest international gateways are Narita International Airport, Kansai International Airport and Chūbu Centrair International Airport.	Da in Japan nur wenig ebenes Land zur Verfügung steht, wurden sowohl der Flughafen Kansai als auch der Flughafen Aichi auf künstlichen Inseln im Meer errichtet.	Because there is little flat land available in Japan, the Kansai International Airport as well as the airport in Aichi on artificial islands in the sea were built.
different	Though not, strictly, a federation, it is more than a free-trade association.	Insgesamt umfassen die Staatsgebiete der derzeitigen Mitgliedstaaten zusammen eine Grundfläche von 4.381.324 km².	Overall, the territories of the present Member States together include an area of 4.381.324 km².
different	The city recorded 26.9 million overnight hotel stays and 11.3 million hotel guests in 2013.	Die Verweildauer der Hotelgäste beträgt im Durchschnitt 2,2 Tage.	The length of stay of hotel guests is the average 2.2 days.
different	Modern Berlin is home to universities, orchestras, museums, entertainment venues, and is host to many sporting events.	1999 wurde die Museumsinsel in die UNESCO-Liste des Weltkulturerbes aufgenommen.	in 1999, the Museum Island was recorded in the UNESCOlist of world cultural heritage .
different	Following German reunification in 1990, the city was once more designated as the capital of all Germany, hosting 158 foreign embassies.	Bis zur Wiedervereinigung Deutschlands am 3. Oktober 1990 verlief westlich des Tors die Grenze zwischen beiden Stadthälften.	Until the reunification of Germany on 3 October 1990, the border between the two halves of the city was West of the gate.
different	Japan will host the 2019 IRB Rugby World Cup.	Japan war Gastgeber der Fußballweltmeisterschaft im Jahre 2002.	Japan hosted the World Cup in 2002.
different	Agricultural businesses in Japan cultivate 13 percent of Japan's land, and Japan accounts for nearly 15 percent of the global fish catch, second only to China.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	Although the unification of Germany, according to the principles of the Burschenschaft soon failed violently, the Studentenverbindungen had emancipated themselves, and many of the members of the first Frankfurt parliament were in fact Burschenschaft or C...	1848 hob die Frankfurter Nationalversammlung die Karlsbader Beschlüsse auf.	in 1848, the Frankfurt National Assembly lifted the Carlsbad decrees.
different	The lowest point(s) in the EU is Lammefjorden (Denmark) and Zuidplaspolder (Netherlands), at 7 m (23 ft) below sea level.	Insgesamt umfassen die Staatsgebiete der derzeitigen Mitgliedstaaten zusammen eine Grundfläche von 4.381.324 km².	Overall, the territories of the present Member States together include an area of 4.381.324 km².
different	In 2013, a diverse group of economics experts was surveyed on their view of the minimum wage's impact on employment.	Kurzfristig wird ein Mindestlohn von 9,02 Euro für unbefristete und 9,77 Euro für befristete Arbeitsverhältnisse im Jahr 2013 gefordert.	In the short term a minimum wage called for by 9.02 euros for perpetual and 9.77 euros for fixed-term employment contracts in 2013.
different	They are the model theory of truth and the proof theory of truth.	Das grundsätzliche Problem aller Wahrheitstheorien ist ihre Zirkularität.	The basic problem of all theories of truth is their circularity.
different	Japan's population is estimated at around 127.1 million, with 80% of the population living on Honshū.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	One had been a member of the group separated from the women in Potočari on 13 July.	Am 12. und 13. Juli wurden UN-Soldaten in Potočari Zeugen von Morden an Bosniaken.	On 12 and 13 July, UN soldiers in Potočari were witnesses to killings of Bosniaks.
different	The last decade experienced an influx from various Western countries and some African regions.	Zahl und Zuschnitt der Ortsteile wurden während der letzten Jahrzehnte ebenfalls mehrfach geändert.	Number and size of the hamlets were also repeatedly changed during the last decades.
different	Its main exports are transportation equipment, motor vehicles, electronics, electrical machinery and chemicals.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	There is universal suffrage for adults over 20 years of age, with a secret ballot for all elected offices.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	In 2006, the International Labour Organization (ILO) argued that the minimum wage could not be directly linked to unemployment in countries that have suffered job losses.	Eine 1970 von der Internationalen Arbeitsorganisation (ILO) beschlossene Absichtserklärung zur Einführung von Verfahren zur vertraglichen Festlegung von Mindestlöhnen hatten zu Beginn des 21. Jahrhunderts 51 der 181 ILO-Mitgliedsstaaten ratifiziert.	had ratified a memorandum of understanding adopted by the International Labour Organization (ILO) in 1970 for the introduction of procedures for establishing contractual minimum wagesat the beginning of the 21st century in 51 of 181 of ILO Member States .
different	Reducing the amount of future climate change is called mitigation of climate change.	Nationale und internationale Klimapolitik zielt sowohl auf die Abschwächung des Klimawandels wie auch auf eine Anpassung an die zu erwartende Erwärmung.	National and international climate policy aims on the mitigation of climate change as well as an adjustment to the warming to be expected.
different	About 73 percent of Japan is forested, mountainous, and unsuitable for agricultural, industrial, or residential use.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	More than 99 percent of the population speaks Japanese as their first language.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	Berlin is known for its numerous cultural institutions, many of which enjoy international reputation.	1999 wurde die Museumsinsel in die UNESCO-Liste des Weltkulturerbes aufgenommen.	in 1999, the Museum Island was recorded in the UNESCOlist of world cultural heritage .
different	Reports published in 2011 by the United Nations Environment Programme and the International Energy Agency suggest that efforts as of the early 21st century to reduce emissions may be inadequate to meet the UNFCCC's 2 °C target.	Der Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) wurde 1988 vom Umweltprogramm der Vereinten Nationen (UNEP) gemeinsam mit der Weltorganisation für Meteorologie (WMO) eingerichtet und ist der 1992 abgeschlossenen Klimarahmenkonvention beigeordnet.	The Intergovernmental Panel on climate change (IPCC) in 1988 by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), together with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) established and is attached to the 1992 Framework Convention on climate.
different	In 2012, unemployment in the EU stood, per August 2012, at 11.4%	2012 wurde der Europäischen Union der Friedensnobelpreis zuerkannt.	2012, the European Union was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
different	In it, he acknowledged that the international community as a whole had to accept its share of responsibility for its response to the ethnic cleansing campaign that culminated in the murder of some 7,000 unarmed civilians from the town designated by the S...	Staaten, die keine Truppen vor Ort hatten, favorisierten zunehmend eine Erweiterung des Mandats; auch die Anwendung von militärischer Gewalt gegen die VRS sollte aus ihrer Sicht erwogen werden.	States which had no troops on the ground, increasingly favored an extension of the mandate; the use of military force against the VRS should be considered from their point of view.
different	The men were held at the Pilica school for two nights.	In der Nacht wurden einzelne Gefangene herausgerufen.	Individual prisoners were called out in the night.
different	On 4 June 1995, the French commander of the UN forces in former Yugoslavia, general Bernard Janvier, secretly met with Ratko Mladić to obtain the release of hostages, many of whom were French.	Die Franzosen fürchteten die Ermordung von UNPROFOR-Geiseln, zu denen viele Franzosen zählten.	The French feared the murder of UNPROFOR hostages, which included many of the French.
different	The EU operates through a system of supranational institutions and intergovernmental negotiated decisions by the member states.	Auf dem europäischen Festland haben die EU-Staaten Außengrenzen mit insgesamt 17 Nicht-Mitgliedstaaten, darüber hinaus auf dem afrikanischen Kontinent mit Marokko und in Südamerika mit Brasilien und Suriname.	The EU 's external borders with a total of 17 non - Member States, in addition to the African continent with Morocco and South America , with Brazil and Surinamehave on the European mainland.
different	Upper estimates suggest that 84–96 percent of the Japanese population subscribe to Buddhism or Shinto, including a large number of followers of a syncretism of both religions.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	The Leibniz University Hannover is the largest funded institution in Hanover for providing higher education to the students from around the world.	Nach dem Zweiten Weltkrieg wurde die Hochschule für Gartenbau und Landeskultur und 1968 die Pädagogische Hochschule Hannover eingegliedert.	After the second world war, the College of horticulture and land improvement and 1968 was incorporated the Pädagogische Hochschule Hannover.
different	Nintendo announced the successor to the Wii, Wii U, at the Electronic Entertainment Expo 2011.	Nintendo gab bekannt, dass erst ein Nachfolger der Wii HDTV unterstützen wird, da zu diesem Zeitpunkt HDTV weiter verbreitet sein wird.	Nintendo announced that a successor to the Wii HDTV will support HDTV will be widespread at this time.
different	The differences between these classifications have become a major problem when discussing religions in general and Scientology specifically.	Diese Zahl umfasst auch Personen, die lediglich an einem Einführungskurs teilnahmen.	This figure includes people who only attended an introductory course.
different	Japanese society is linguistically and culturally homogeneous, composed of 98.5% ethnic Japanese, with small populations of foreign workers.	Daraus ergibt sich ein Haushaltsdefizit in Höhe von 8,5 % des BIP.	This results in a deficit of 8.5% of GDP.
different	Because burning lignite produces harmful emissions, Vattenfall has announced its commitment to transitioning to cleaner sources, such as renewable energy.	Ebenfalls unterdurchschnittlich ist der Beitrag der erneuerbaren Energien: Ihr Anteil lag bei 3 % im Gegensatz zum deutschlandweiten Schnitt von 17 %.	The contribution of renewable energy sourcesis also below average: your share was 3% when compared to the nationwide average of 17%.
different	Unlike mutualist anarchist philosopher Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, he argued that, "it is not the product of his or her labor that the worker has a right to, but to the satisfaction of his or her needs, whatever may be their nature."	Die erste politische Verwendung des Ausdrucks „libertär“ stammt von dem Anarchisten Joseph Déjacque, der den französischen Ausdruck libertaire 1857 in einem Brief an Pierre-Joseph Proudhon zur Abgrenzung des kommunistischen Anarchismus vom seiner ...	The first political use of the expression "libertarian" comes from the anarchist Joseph Déjacque, which 1857 in a letter to Pierre-Joseph Proudhon libertaire , the French term related to the delimitation of Communist anarchism of the Liberal his opinion...
different	For this reason, the organisation has, in the past, been termed sui generis (incomparable, one of a kind), though it is also argued that this designation is no longer true.	Auf dem europäischen Festland haben die EU-Staaten Außengrenzen mit insgesamt 17 Nicht-Mitgliedstaaten, darüber hinaus auf dem afrikanischen Kontinent mit Marokko und in Südamerika mit Brasilien und Suriname.	The EU 's external borders with a total of 17 non - Member States, in addition to the African continent with Morocco and South America , with Brazil and Surinamehave on the European mainland.
different	Under the de-inflated figures, the EU as a whole did not reach its internal aid target in 2006 and is expected not to reach the international target of 0.7% of gross national income until 2015.	Das entspricht 1,00 Prozent des Bruttonationaleinkommens der EU.	This is equivalent to 1.00% of gross national income of the EU.
different	In 1999, the three remaining defendants in the Zvornik 7 case were swapped for three Serbs serving 15 years each in a Bosnian prison.	Am 15. November 1999 legte Kofi Annan als amtierender UNO-Generalsekretär einen Bericht zum Fall der Schutzzone Srebrenica vor.	On 15 November 1999, Kofi Annan presented a report on the case of the protection zone of Srebrenica as acting Secretary-General .
parallel	In 1957, Eagleburger joined the United States Foreign Service, and served in various posts in embassies, consulates, and the Department of State.	1957 trat er in den amerikanischen Auswärtigen Dienst ein, wo er auf verschiedenen Posten in Botschaften, Konsulaten und im State Departement tätig war.	in 1957, he entered the U.S. foreign service, where he in various posts in embassies, consulates and in the State Department was working.
parallel	Eagleburger became chairman of the International Commission on Holocaust Era Insurance Claims, or ICHEIC, which was set up in 1998.	1998 wurde er zum Präsidenten der Internationalen Kommission für Versicherungsansprüche aus der Holocaust-Zeit (ICHEIC) berufen.	in 1998, he was appointed the President of the International Commission for Holocaust era insurance claims (claims).
parallel	Starting in 1969, he served in the Nixon administration as an assistant to National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger.	1969 wurde er in der Regierung von Präsident Richard Nixon als Assistent des Nationalen Sicherheitsberaters Henry Kissinger tätig.	in 1969, he served in the Cabinet of President Richard Nixon as an Assistant to national of Security Advisor Henry Kissinger .
parallel	On August 23, 1992, James Baker resigned as Secretary of State (to manage Bush's unsuccessful re-election campaign), and Eagleburger served as Acting Secretary of State until Bush gave him a recess appointment for the remainder of the Bush administration.	Als der damalige Außenminister James A. Baker im August 1992 zurücktrat um Bushs Wahlkampf zu organisieren übernahm Eagleburger gemäß der Gesetzeslage dessen Amtsgeschäfte (Acting Secretary of State).	As the former Secretary of State James A. Baker resigned in August 1992 to organize Bush's campaign Eagleburger in accordance with the legislation took over its duties (Acting Secretary of State).
parallel	From 1961 to 1965 he served as a staffer at the U.S. Embassy in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.	Zwischen 1961 und 1965 war er als Mitarbeiter der US-Botschaft in Belgrad (Jugoslawien) tätig.	From 1961 to 1965, he worked as an employee of the U.S. Embassy in Belgrade (Yugoslavia).
parallel	He was then named the Executive Secretary to the Secretary of State from 1975 to 1977, and subsequently was appointed as ambassador to Yugoslavia by President Jimmy Carter, a post he held from 1977 to 1980.	Nach Nixons Rücktritt verließ er die Regierung, wurde aber schnell von Präsident Jimmy Carter zum Botschafter der Vereinigten Staaten in Jugoslawien berufen, eine Position, die er zwischen 1977 und 1980 innehatte.	After Nixon's resignation, he left the Government, a position he held between 1977 and 1980 appointed but quickly by President Jimmy Carter to the United States Ambassador to Yugoslavia.
parallel	In 1982, Reagan appointed him as Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs (the State Department's third-ranking position), a position he held for several years.	1982 berief ihn Präsident Ronald Reagan zum Staatssekretär für politische Angelegenheiten (Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs); diese dritthöchste Position im Außenministerium nahm er bis Mai 1984 ein.	in 1982, President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the Secretary of State for political affairs (Under Secretary of State for political affairs); He was the third-highest position in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs until May 1984.
parallel	In 1964, he and Norma Lee Browning collaborated on writing The Other Side of the Mind.	1964 arbeitete er mit Norma Lee Brown zusammen und schrieb mit ihr das Buch „Die andere Seite des Geistes“.	in 1964, he collaborated with Norma Lee Brown and wrote the book "The other side of the spirit" with you.
parallel	Maurice of Anhalt-Dessau (31 October 1712 in Dessau - 11 April 1760 in Dessau), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.	Moritz Prinz von Anhalt-Dessau (* 31. Oktober 1712; † 11. April 1760 in Dessau) war ein preußischer Generalfeldmarschall aus dem Geschlecht der Askanier.	Prince Moritz of Anhalt-Dessau (* 31 October 1712; died 11 April 1760 in Dessau) was a Prussian General field marshal of the House of Ascania.
parallel	Combined later merged with the Ryan Insurance Group to form Aon Corporation in 1987.,	Sein Unternehmen fusionierte mit der Patrick Ryan Gruppe, um 1987 die Aon Corporation zu gründen.	His company merged with the Patrick Ryan Group, to form the Aon Corporation in 1987.
parallel	William Clement Stone (May 4, 1902 – September 3, 2002) was a businessman, philanthropist and New Thought self-help book author.	William Clement Stone (* 4. Mai 1902 in Chicago; † 3. September 2002) war ein US-amerikanischer Unternehmer, Philanthrop und Autor im Bereich der Neugeist-Bewegung.	William Clement Stone (* 4 may 1902 in Chicago; died 3 September 2002) was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and author in the field of the New thought movement.
parallel	This applied to telegraph and telephone switching stations.	Dies traf auf alle Telegrafen- und Telefonverteiler zu.	This applied to all Telegraph and telephone distribution.
parallel	The GPO created a network of post offices where senders could submit items.	Das General Post Office errichtete ein Netzwerk von Postämtern, auf denen Absender Sendungen aufgeben konnten.	The General Post Office built a network of post offices where senders could give up broadcasts.
parallel	Age at sexual maturity is about 22 months.	Die Geschlechtsreife ist mit 1,5 Jahren erreicht.	Sexual maturity is reached at the age of 1.5.
parallel	As a victor in the Balkan Wars in 1913, Serbia regained Vardar Macedonia, Kosovo and Raška (Old Serbia).	Mit den Balkankriegen kamen bis 1913 das Kosovo, das heutige Mazedonien sowie der größere Teil des Sandschaks von Novi Pazar dazu.	With the Balkan wars , Kosovo, the present-day Macedonia , as well as the greater part of the Sanjak of Novi Pazar were added until 1913.
parallel	In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
parallel	On June 22, 1988 the Hornets selected him in the expansion draft.	Am 22. Juni 1988 wurde Bogues im Expansion Draft von den Charlotte Hornets genommen.	Bogues in the Expansion Draft by the Charlotte Hornets was taken on June 22, 1988.
parallel	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split off the telecommunications business to form the British Telecommunications corporation, leaving the Post Office corporation with the Royal Mail, parcels, Post Office Counters and National Giro businesses.	Der British Telecommunications Act von 1981 spaltete die sogenannte British Telecommunications Corporation ab und ließ dem Post Office Telecommunications nur noch die Verantwortung über den Brief- und Paketdienst sowie den Betrieb der Postämter.	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split the so-called British Telecommunications Corporation and left only the responsibility of mail and parcel service, as well as the operation of post offices the post office telecommunications.
parallel	Responsibility for telecommunications was given to Post Office Telecommunications, the successor of the GPO Telegraph and Telephones department, with its own separate budget and management.	Die behördliche Verantwortung für die Telekommunikation wurde dem Post Office Telecommunications übertragen, das damit Nachfolger der GPO Telephones Division wurde.	The official telecommunications was responsible for the Post Office Telecommunications , which was successor of the GPO telephones Division .
parallel	In 1661 the office of Postmaster General was created to oversee the GPO.	Die Überwachung der GPO oblag dem 1661 eingeführten Postmaster General.	The monitoring of the GPO was Postmaster Generalintroduced in 1661.
parallel	The postal service was known as the Royal Mail because it was built on the distribution system for royal and government documents.	Der Postdienst wurde unter dem Namen Royal Mail bekannt, da er auf dem Verteilsystem für Regierungs- und Behördendokumente aufbaute.	The postal service was known under the name of Royal Mail , because it was built on the distribution system for Government and Agency documents.
parallel	On 17 February 2008, the Kosovo parliament unilaterally proclaimed independence from Serbia to mixed international reactions.	Nach langen, ergebnislosen Verhandlungen beschloss am 17. Februar 2008 das Parlament des Kosovo, einseitig die Unabhängigkeit der Provinz auszurufen.	After long and fruitless negotiations, the Parliament of Kosovo decided on February 17, 2008 unilaterally proclaimed the independence of the province.
parallel	The fort is best known as the site upon which the shots that started the American Civil War were fired, at the Battle of Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861.	Seine historische Bedeutung erlangte das Fort als Schauplatz der ersten militärischen Auseinandersetzung des Amerikanischen Bürgerkrieges, die am 12. April 1861 ab 4:30 Uhr begann.	Its historical importance became the Fort as the scene of the first military conflict of the American civil war, which began on April 12, 1861, starting at 4:30.
parallel	In the mid 19th century several private telegraph companies were established in the UK.	Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts wurden viele private Telegrafenfirmen in Großbritannien gegründet.	Mid-19th century were founded several private telegraph companies in the UK.
parallel	By 1979, Stone’s insurance company exceeded $1 billion in assets.	1979 hatte seine Versicherungsgesellschaft ein Vermögen von mehr als $ 1 Milliarde in Aktien.	in 1979, his insurance company had assets of more than $1 billion in shares.
parallel	The station today sees regular service by Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn trains on the S6 line.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
parallel	From the start the GPO had trouble with competitive pirate radio broadcasters who found ways to deliver electronic messages to British receivers without first obtaining a GPO licence.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
parallel	The theory was used to expand state control of the mail service into every form of electronic communication possible on the basis that every sender used some form of distribution service.	Dies wurde dazu benutzt, das Monopol vom Postdienst auf jede Form elektronischer Kommunikation zu erweitern, da jeder Sender eine Art Verteilerdienst benutzte.	This was used to extend the monopoly of the postal service on any form of electronic communication, as each transmitter used a kind of distribution service.
parallel	During 1873, another single-track railway line to Mülheim an der Ruhr was also built.	Im gleichen Jahr wurde auch die eingleisige Untere Ruhrtalbahn nach Mülheim an der Ruhr gebaut ind in Betrieb genommen.	In the same year the single-tracked lower Ruhr Valley Railway was built to Mülheim an der Ruhr ind commissioned taken.
parallel	In 1926, after a construction time of over 13 years, a railway line to Velbert via Heiligenhaus was connected to the station, crossing the Ruhr on a third bridge.	Im Jahr 1926 wurde nach einer Bauzeit von mehr als 13 Jahren die Niederbergbahn von Kettwig Stausee über Heiligenhaus nach Velbert fertiggestellt und gleichzeitig eine dritte Brücke mit dem Bahnhof verbunden.	In 1926, after a construction period of more than 13 years the low mountain railway reservoir via Heiligenhaus completed by Kettwig to Velbert and at the same time a third Bridge connected to the station.
parallel	Stone was once quoted as saying, "All I want to do is change the world".	Sein meist zitierter Satz ist: „Alles was ich will, ist die Welt zu verändern.“	His most quoted phrase is: "All I want to do is to change the world."
parallel	The private telegraph companies that already existed were bought out.	Die privaten Firmen wurden aufgekauft.	The private companies were bought.
parallel	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
parallel	Stone was inducted into the Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans, and was a Freemason.	Er wurde in die „Horatio Alger Gemeinschaft berühmter Amerikaner“ aufgenommen und war Freimaurer im 33. Grad.	He was in the "Horatio Alger community of famous American" recorded and was Mason in the 33rd degree.
parallel	He followed with a senior campaign in which he averaged 14.8 points, 9.5 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 2.4 steals per game.	Ein Jahr später konnte er seinen Schnitt auf 15 Punkte, 9 Assist und 2 Steals pro Spiel verbessern.	A year later he was able to improve his average to 15 points, 9 assist and 2 steals per game.
parallel	The flag is still displayed in the fort's museum.	Die Flagge ist erhalten und wird im Museum des Forts ausgestellt.	The flag is preserved and is on display at the Museum of the Fort.
parallel	In the mid-19th century there were four branch offices in London: one in the City at Lombard Street; two in the West End at Charing Cross and Old Cavendish Street near Oxford Street; and one south of the Thames in Borough High Street.	In der Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts gab es vier Außenbüros in London: eines in der City in der Lombard Street, zwei im West End in Charing Cross und in der Cavendish Street Nähe Oxford Street und ein viertes südlich der Themse in der Borough High Street.	In the middle of the 19th century, there were four offices in London: one in the city at Lombard Street, two in the West end at Charing Cross and Cavendish Street close to Oxford Street and a fourth South of the River Thames in Borough High Street.
parallel	The Telegraph Act 1868 granted the Postmaster-General the right to acquire inland telegraph companies in the United Kingdom and the Telegraph Act 1869 conferred on the Postmaster-General a monopoly in telegraphic communication in the UK.	Der Telegraph Act von 1868 gab dem Postmaster General das Recht, inländische Telegrafenfirmen zu übernehmen und der Telegraph Act von 1869 übertrug ihm das Monopol auf die telegrafische Übermittlung in ganz Großbritannien.	The Telegraph Act 1868 General the right to take over domestic telegraph companies gave the Postmaster and the Telegraph Act 1869 gave him the monopoly on the telegraphic delivery throughout the UK.
parallel	In 2006, he switched to the 2005 125cc Championship-winning team, Elit – Caffè Latte Honda as team mate to 125cc World Champion Thomas Lüthi.	Zur Saison 2006 wechselte Sandro Cortese in das Schweizer Elit-Team von Daniel Epp und wurde dort Teamkollege des Vorjahresweltmeisters Thomas Lüthi.	For the 2006 season moved to Sandro Cortese Swiss eliteteam of Daniel Epp that and became team-mate of the previous world champion Thomas Luthi.
parallel	Fort Sumter is a Third System masonry sea fort located in Charleston Harbor, South Carolina.	Fort Sumter ist ein Fort auf einer künstlichen Insel an der Einfahrt vom Atlantischen Ozean in die Bucht von Charleston in South Carolina.	Fort Sumter is a Fort on an artificial island at the entrance of the Atlantic Ocean , in the Bay of Charleston in South Carolina.
parallel	British Telecommunications was converted to British Telecommunications plc in 1984, and was privatised.	Die British Telecommunications Corporation wurde 1984 zur British Telecommunications plc (heute BT Group) und privatisiert.	The British Telecommunications Corporation was in 1984 to the British Telecommunications plc (now BT Group) and privatized.
parallel	He was succeeded by his son Uroš, called the Weak, a term that might also apply to the state of the empire which slowly slid into a feudal anarchy.	Sein Sohn und Nachfolger Stefan Uroš V. (1355–1371), genannt der Schwache, konnte das Reich nicht zusammenhalten.	His son and successor Stefan Uroš v (1355-1371), called the weak, was the Empire unable to hold together.
parallel	Stone gave over $275 million to charity including civic groups, mental health and Christian organizations.	Er spendete über 275 Millionen $ an Einrichtungen für psychisch Kranke und christliche Organisationen.	He donated over 275 million $ at facilities for mentally ill people and Christian organizations.
parallel	Maurice entered the Prussian army in 1725, and saw his first service as a volunteer in the War of the Polish Succession (1734–35).	Moritz trat 1725 in das preußische Heer ein und machte als Freiwilliger den Polnischen Erbfolgekrieg mit.	Moritz joined the Prussian army in 1725 and made the war of the Polish succession as a volunteer.
parallel	Stone celebrated his 100th birthday with a gift of $100,000 to the University of Illinois at Chicago.	Er feierte seinen 100. Geburtstag im Mai 2002 mit einer Spende von 100.000 $ an die Universität von Illinois bei Chicago.	He celebrated his 100th birthday in May 2002 with a donation of $100,000 at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
parallel	The new combined telegraph service had 1,058 telegraph offices in towns and cities and 1,874 offices at railway stations.	Der nun vereinte Telegrafendienst hatte 1058 Telegrafenbüros in größeren und kleineren Städten und 1874 Büros in Bahnhöfen.	The now combined telegraph service had 1058 telegraph offices in larger and smaller towns and 1874 offices at railway stations.
parallel	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
parallel	In 1962, Stone wrote the Success System That Never Fails, in which he suggested how to become successful and have a healthy, productive lifestyle.	Zwei Jahre später schrieb W. C. Stone das Buch „Das Erfolgssystem, das niemals fehlschlägt“, in dem er über die Geheimnisse berichtete, reich zu werden und ein gesundes und erfülltes Leben zu führen.	Two years later, W. C. Stone wrote the book "The success system that never fails", in which he reported about the secrets to become wealthy and to live a healthy and fulfilling life.
parallel	Travenbrück is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Travenbrück (niederdeutsch Travenbrüch) ist eine Gemeinde im Kreis Stormarn in Schleswig-Holstein.	Travenbrück (German Travenbrüch) is a municipality in the District of Stormarn , in Schleswig-Holstein.
parallel	Stone and Hill also founded a monthly digest magazine, entitled Success Unlimited.	Beide brachten außerdem eine monatliche Zeitschrift mit dem Titel „Erfolg ohne Grenzen“ (Success Unlimited) heraus.	Both have also brought out a monthly magazine titled "Success without borders" (success unlimited).
parallel	These competitors were well aware of the fact that the GPO would never grant them such a licence.	Diese Konkurrenz war sich sehr wohl der Tatsache bewusst, dass das General Post Office niemals eine solche gewähren würde.	This competition was aware that the General Post Office would never grant such very well the fact.
parallel	When new forms of communication came into existence in the 19th and early 20th centuries the GPO claimed monopoly rights on the basis that like the postal service they involved delivery from a sender and to a receiver.	Bei der Entstehung neuer Formen der Kommunikation in der Mitte des 19. und am Anfang des 20. Jahrhunderts beanspruchte das GPO die Monopolrechte ausgehend vom Argument, dass es hier um Transporte von einem Sender zu einem Empfänger ging.	With the emergence of new forms of communication in the middle of the 19th and at the beginning of the 20th century, the GPO claimed monopoly rights starting by the argument that this was to transport from a transmitter to a receiver .
parallel	His father died in 1905 leaving his family in debt.	Stones Vater starb, als sein Sohn drei Jahre alt war.	Stones father died when his son was three years old.
parallel	The radio regulation functions were transferred to the Independent Broadcasting Authority and later Ofcom.	Die Aufsicht über das Radio wurden der Radio Authority (später Ofcom) übertragen.	The Radio Authority (later Ofcom) were transferred to the supervision of the radio.
parallel	In 2007 his team was renamed Emmi – Caffè Latte and it switched to Aprilia motorbikes.	In der Saison 2007 startete Cortese wieder für sein Team aus dem Vorjahr, das nun Emmi-Caffe-Latte hieß und auf Aprilia startete.	In the 2007 season , Cortese started again for his team from the previous year, which was now called Emmi-Caffè latte and started on Aprilia .
parallel	A proper station hall and ticket office was commissioned in 1873 and erected in 1875, the old station building was sold to Wermelskirchen.	1873 wurde eine größere Bahnhofshalle in Auftrag gegeben und 1875 errichtet; das alte Bahnhofsgebäude wurde verkauft und in Wermelskirchen weiterverwendet.	in 1873 a larger Concourse in order was given and built in 1875; the old station building was sold and reused in Wermelskirchen .
parallel	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Diese Verteilerdienste wurden rechtlich als Arten elektronischer Postämter gewertet.	These distribution services were considered legally as types of electronic post offices.
parallel	The fort was a five-sided brick structure, 170 to 190 feet (52 to 58 m) long, with walls 5 feet (1.5 m) thick, standing 50 feet (15.2 m) over the low tide mark.	Die Backsteinmauern waren 16 m hoch, die ursprüngliche Mauerstärke wird mit 5 Fuß (1,6 Meter) angegeben.	The brick walls were 16 m high, the original wall thickness is specified with 5 feet (1.6 meters).
parallel	Overseas telegraphs did not fall within the monopoly.	Telegrafen in Übersee fielen nicht unter dieses Gesetz.	Telegraph overseas were not covered by this law.
parallel	A passenger tunnel to access the second platform was also constructed.	Um den Bahnsteig 2 besser erreichen zu können, entstand ein Personentunnel.	A pedestrian tunnel was built to enhance the Platform 2.
parallel	It is generally no taller than three feet, has a long white beard and wears red or other colourful conical hat or knit cap.	Der Nisse ist ein alter Mann mit einem weißen Bart, etwa so groß wie ein 10-jähriges Kind und trägt eine rote Mütze.	The results about the size of a 10th child is an old man with a white beard, and wears a red Cap.
parallel	In mating, the male grasps the female’s head with his jaws and mounts her.	Während der Paarung verbeißt sich das Männchen in den Nacken oder unterhalb eines Vorderbeins des Weibchens.	During mating, the male in the neck or below a Forelimb of a female here.
partially	Previously, he had served in lesser capacities under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Ronald Reagan, and as Deputy Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush.	Er arbeitete unter den Präsidenten Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan und George H. W. Bush.	He worked under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
partially	In 1989, President George H. W. Bush appointed him Deputy Secretary of State (the Department's second-ranking position); he also served as the President's primary advisor for affairs relating to the quickly disintegrating Yugoslavia.	zum Vizeaußenminister (der zweithöchsten Position im State Departement).	the Vice Foreign Minister (the second-highest position in the State Department).
partially	The other two are from his second marriage, which was to Marlene Heinemann from 1966 until her death in 2010.	Eagleburger war in zweiter Ehe von 1966 bis zu deren Tod im Jahr 2010 verheiratet mit Marlene Ann Heinemann aus der Heinemannschen Bäckereien-Familie aus Milwaukee.	Eagleburger was married to Marlene Ann Heinemann of the Heinemannschen bakeries family from Milwaukeein second marriage from 1966 until her death in the year 2010.
partially	Eagleburger is the only career Foreign Service Officer to have served as Secretary of State.	Letzterem diente er für kurze Zeit als Secretary of State (Außenminister).	Latter, he served briefly as Secretary of State (Foreign Minister).
partially	Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (August 1, 1930 – June 4, 2011), also known as Lawrence of Macedonia, was an American statesman and career diplomat, who served briefly as the Secretary of State under President George H. W. Bush.	Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (* 1. August 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; † 4. Juni 2011 in Charlottesville, Virginia) war ein US-amerikanischer Politiker und Diplomat.	Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (* 1 August 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; died 4 June 2011 in Charlottesville, Virginia) was an American politician and diplomat.
partially	In 1989, President George H. W. Bush appointed him Deputy Secretary of State (the Department's second-ranking position); he also served as the President's primary advisor for affairs relating to the quickly disintegrating Yugoslavia.	1989 berief ihn Präsident Bush sen.	in 1989 he was appointed President Bush sen.
partially	He stayed in this appointment until 1971; thereafter he took on several positions, including advisor to the U.S. Mission to NATO in Brussels, and, following Kissinger's appointment as Secretary of State, a number of additional posts in the State Departme...	Bis 1971 blieb er auf diesem Posten, danach übernahm er verschiedene Positionen einschließlich jener des Beraters der US-Gesandtschaft bei der NATO in Brüssel.	He remained in that post until 1971, then he assumed various positions including those of the Adviser of the US mission to NATO in Brussels.
partially	Eagleburger was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, the son of Helen (née Van Ornum), an elementary school teacher, and Leon Sidney Eagleburger, a physician.	Lawrence Sidney ("Larry") Eagleburger wurde als Sohn eines Arztes und einer Grundschullehrerin geboren.	("Larry") Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger was born as the son of a physician and a primary school teacher.
partially	In 1991, President Bush awarded him the Presidential Citizens Medal.	Eagleburger wurde 1989 mit der Presidential Citizens Medal geehrt, der zweithöchsten zivilen Auszeichnung der USA.	Eagleburger was honored in 1989 with the Presidential Citizens Medal , the second highest civilian award in the United States.
partially	He graduated from P J Jacobs High School in Stevens Point, Wisconsin, then attended Stevens Point State College (now the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point), before earning his Bachelor's and Master's degrees from the University of Wisconsin–Madis...	Eagleburger erwarb seinen Bachelor- und Master-Abschluss an der University of Wisconsin in Madison.	Eagleburger earned his Bachelor's and master's degree from the University of Wisconsin in Madison.
partially	A first station at Kettwig was opened in 1871 by the Bergisch-Märkische Eisenbahn and passenger service on the line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Kupferdreh was started on 1 February 1872.	Im Folgejahr nahm die Bergisch-Märkische Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft den Personenverkehr auf der Strecke Düsseldorf–Kettwig–Kupferdreh auf.	In the following year the Bergisch Märkische railway company took the passenger services on the line Düsseldorf- Kettwig-Kupferdreh to.
partially	The General Post Office, designed with Grecian ionic porticoes by Sir Robert Smirke, was built between 1825 and 1829, ran 400 feet (120 m) long and 80 feet (24 m) deep, and was lit with a thousand gas burners at night.	Ein Neubau wurde zwischen 1825 und 1829 im östlichen Teil von St Martins-le-Grand nach den Plänen von Sir Robert Smirke errichtet.	A new building was built between 1825 and 1829 in the eastern part of St Martin's le-Grand from designs by Sir Robert Smirke .
partially	Stone adopted the motto of his mentor, Napoleon Hill, "Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve (with PMA)."  In 1960, Stone teamed up with Napoleon Hill to author Success Through a Positive Mental Attitude.	1960 tat sich W. C. Stone mit Napoleon Hill zusammen, um das Buch „Erfolg durch positives Denken“ zu verfassen.	1960 W. C. Stone with Napoleon Hill teamed up to write the book "Success through positive thinking".
partially	On 12 March 2003, Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Đinđić was assassinated.	Am 12. März 2003 wurde Đinđić auf offener Straße von Attentätern aus den Reihen der ehemaligen „Roten Barette“ ermordet.	On March 12, 2003 was murdered Đinđić on the open road of bombers from the ranks of former "Red Berets" .
partially	Routine federal elections in September 2000 resulted in Kostunica receiving less than a majority, requiring a second round.	Bei den Präsidentschaftswahlen am 24. September 2000 wurde Vojislav Koštunica zum Jugoslawischen Präsidenten gewählt.	In the presidential election on September 24, 2000, Vojislav Koštunica was elected to the Yugoslav President.
partially	All post was transferred from the post office of origination to distribution points called sorting stations, and from there the post was then sent on for delivery to the receiver of the post.	Diese wurde von dort zu Verteilzentren (den sogenannten Sortierstationen) gebracht.	This was taken from there to distribution centers (the so-called sorting stations).
partially	He followed with a senior campaign in which he averaged 14.8 points, 9.5 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 2.4 steals per game.	Im ersten College-Jahr erzielte er einen Schnitt von 11 Punkten, 8 Assists und 3 Steals pro Spiel.	In the first year of College, he scored an average of 11 points, 8 assists and 3 steals per game.
partially	With the end of World War I and the collapse of both the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires the conditions were met for proclaiming the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in December 1918.	Die Rückeroberung Serbiens und der Platz an der Seite der Siegermächte des Ersten Weltkrieges ermöglichten Serbien, am 1. Dezember 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen zu begründen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nennen sollte.	The conquest of Serbia and the space on the side of the victors of the first World War allowed Serbia on 1 December 1918 to establish the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , that Yugoslavia should call themselves from 1929.
partially	Since leaving the NBA, Bogues worked in the real estate business until August 3, 2005, when he was named head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association despite a lack of coaching experience.	Vom 3. August 2005 bis zum Januar 2007 war er Trainer der Charlotte Sting in der Women’s National Basketball Association.	From August 3, 2005 to January 2007, he was coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association.
partially	In 1077 AD, Duklja became the first Serbian Kingdom, under Michael I, the "ruler of Tribals and Serbs".[better source needed]	Im 11. Jahrhundert gab es das erste in größerem Rahmen anerkannte serbische Königtum unter Mihailo von Zeta.	In the 11th century, there was the first Serb Kingdom recognized broader under Mihailo of Zeta.
partially	On 5 October 2000, Slobodan Milošević was forced to concede defeat after days of mass protests all across Serbia.	Milošević hatte sich zunächst zum Wahlsieger erklärt, musste aber nach mehrtägigen Streiks, Demonstrationen der Demokratischen Opposition Serbiens (DOS) und der Besetzung des Parlaments am 5. Oktober schließlich seine Niederlage eingestehen.	Milošević had initially declared the election winner, had to concede but after several days of strikes, demonstrations of the democratic opposition of Serbia (DOS) and the occupation of the Parliament on October 5 its defeat.
partially	Initially it was the recipient of the post who paid the fee, and he had the right to refuse to accept the item if he did not wish to pay.	Dieser hatte das Recht, den Empfang abzulehnen, wenn er nicht bezahlen wollte.	This had the right to refuse the reception if he did not pay.
partially	In 1905, Kettwig was upgraded to a 1st class station, with express trains like the Essen to Basel service calling at the station.	Nun hielten auch Eilzüge in Kettwig, sowie der Schnellzug Essen–Basel.	Now were also semi-fast trains in Kettwig, as well as the express Essen-Basel.
partially	As suggested by these common names, its distinguishing characteristic is a pink tongue as opposed to the blue tongue of the closely related Tiliqua genus.	Ein auffallendes Merkmal das ihn gut von den Blauzungenskinken (Tiliqua) unterscheidet ist die rosafarbene Zunge.	The pink tongue is a striking feature that distinguishes him from the blue tongue skinks (Tiliqua).
partially	The last Confederate commander, Major Thomas A. Huguenin, a graduate from The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina, never surrendered Fort Sumter, but General William T. Sherman’s advance through South Carolina finally forced the Confederate...	Am 17. Februar 1865 wurde die Insel von Unionstruppen unter General William Tecumseh Sherman formell in Besitz genommen.	On February 17, 1865 the island began, formally William Tecumseh Sherman by Union troops under General owned.
partially	The Ottomans continued their conquest until they finally seized the entire northern medieval Serbia in 1459, when Smederevo fell into their hands.	Nach der Eroberung Serbiens durch die Osmanen 1459 verschwand Serbien als eigenständiges Land von der Landkarte.	After the conquest of Serbia by the Ottoman Empire in 1459, Serbia as a separate country from the map disappeared.
partially	On Friday, April 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., Confederate batteries opened fire, firing for 34 straight hours, on the fort.	Seine historische Bedeutung erlangte das Fort als Schauplatz der ersten militärischen Auseinandersetzung des Amerikanischen Bürgerkrieges, die am 12. April 1861 ab 4:30 Uhr begann.	Its historical importance became the Fort as the scene of the first military conflict of the American civil war, which began on April 12, 1861, starting at 4:30.
partially	Serbia achieved its current borders after World War II, when it became a federal unit within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Die sozialistische Republik Serbien wurde eine von sechs Teilrepubliken in Jugoslawien.	The Socialist Republic of Serbia became one of six constituent republics in Yugoslavia.
partially	It was released as the second single from the album Sorry for Party Rocking (2011).	Champagne Showers ist ein Lied des US-amerikanischen Electro-/Hip-Hop-Duos LMFAO und die zweite Singleauskopplung des Albums Sorry for Party Rocking.	Champagne showers is a song of the American electro-hip hopduo LMFAO and the second single from the album Sorry for Party Rocking.
partially	In 1912, the former GPO East was demolished: the current headquarters of BT, a post World War II building, occupies the site of the old Telegraph Office.	Der heutige Hauptsitz der BT Group befindet sich an der Stelle des alten Telegraph Office.	The current head office of BT Group is located at the site of the old telegraph office.
partially	The new prime minister was Mirko Cvetković, candidate of the Democratic Party.	Sein Vorgänger war (2004 bis 2012) Mirko Cvetković.	His predecessor was Mirko Cvetković(2004-2012).
partially	Germain is the stage name of Ludovic Navarre, a French musician.	St Germain ist der Künstlername des französischen Musikers Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), unter dem er drei Alben veröffentlicht hat.	St Germain is the stage name of the French musician Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), he has released three albums under the.
partially	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 erfolgte die Überführung dieser Behörde in den neu gegründeten Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation.	The transfer of this authority in the newly formed state operating Post Office Corporationtook place in 1969.
partially	Union attempts to resupply and reinforce the garrison were repulsed on January 9, 1861 when the first shots of the war, fired by cadets from the Citadel, prevented the steamer Star of the West, hired to transport troops and supplies to Fort Sumter, from ...	Im Januar 1861 wurde ein Versorgungsschiff der Union für Fort Sumter von der neuen Artilleriestellung an der Küste beschossen und musste abdrehen.	In January 1861, attacked a supply ship of the Union for Fort Sumter from the new artillery position on the coast, and had to turn down.
partially	There, Chesnut ordered the fort to open fire on Fort Sumter.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Am 25. Juni 1991 löste sich Slowenien aus dem Staatenbund Jugoslawien und erklärte seine Unabhängigkeit, was eine militärische Intervention der Jugoslawischen Volksarmee auslöste.	On June 25, 1991, Slovenia broke away from the State Union of Yugoslavia and declared independence, triggering a military intervention in the Yugoslav people's army.
partially	In 1905, Kettwig was upgraded to a 1st class station, with express trains like the Essen to Basel service calling at the station.	Im Jahr 1905 wurde der Bahnhof in die 1. Klasse hochgestuft.	In 1905, the station in the first was upgraded class.
partially	The Serbian government had passed through weeks of severe crisis after the unilateral declaration of independence of its southern province of Kosovo on 17 February 2008, which was gradually recognized by the United States and numerous European Union coun...	Nachdem mehrere EU-Staaten Kosovo offiziell anerkannt hatten, zerbrach schließlich die Regierungskoalition im Streit um das Verhältnis zur Europäischen Union, was zu Neuwahlen führte.	After several EU countries had officially recognized Kosovo, finally broke the coalition in the dispute about the relationship with the European Union, which led to early elections .
partially	After the dissolution of Yugoslavia in a series of wars in the 1990s, Serbia once again became an independent state on 5 June 2006, following the breakup of a short-lived union with Montenegro.	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
partially	In the Malaysian Grand Prix he rode the fastest lap of the race despite starting 18th on the grid to finish fourth.	Beim Großen Preis von Malaysia in Sepang verfehlte er als Vierter einen Podiumsplatz nur um dreißig Hundertstelsekunden.	At the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang , he missed a podium only to thirty hundredths of a second as a fourth.
partially	With the end of World War I and the collapse of both the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires the conditions were met for proclaiming the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in December 1918.	Aus Serbien, dem bis dahin unabhängigen Montenegro sowie den meisten südslawisch besiedelten Ländern Österreich-Ungarns entstand 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nannte.	The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, called Yugoslavia in 1929 formed Serbia, the until then independent Montenegro and most South-Slav-populated countries of Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1918.
partially	The success of the Serbian revolution against Ottoman rule in 1817 marked the birth of the Principality of Serbia, which achieved de facto independence in 1867 and finally gained recognition by the Great Powers in the Berlin Congress of 1878.	Durch den Berliner Kongress 1878 wurde die Unabhängigkeit des Fürstentums Serbien anerkannt.	The independence of the Principality of Serbia was recognized by the Berlin Congress of 1878.
partially	Bogues was one of the most popular players in Hornets history, despite the fact that he never averaged more than 11.2 points per game in a season.	Bogues gehörte zu den beliebtesten Spielern der Liga und sein Hornets-Trikot mit der Nummer 1 war jahrelang ein Bestseller.	Bogues was one of the most popular players in the League and his Hornets Jersey with the number 1 was a bestseller for years.
partially	In 1919, Stone built the Combined Insurance Company of America (a company providing accident and health insurance coverage) and by 1930 he had over a thousand agents selling insurance for him across the United States.	1919 gründete er die Combined Registry Company, aus der später die Combined Insurance Company of America (Vereinigte Versicherungsgesellschaft von Amerika) hervorging.	in 1919, he founded the combined registry company, from which later emerged the combined insurance company of America (United insurance company of America).
partially	The Serbian government had passed through weeks of severe crisis after the unilateral declaration of independence of its southern province of Kosovo on 17 February 2008, which was gradually recognized by the United States and numerous European Union coun...	Nach langen, ergebnislosen Verhandlungen beschloss am 17. Februar 2008 das Parlament des Kosovo, einseitig die Unabhängigkeit der Provinz auszurufen.	After long and fruitless negotiations, the Parliament of Kosovo decided on February 17, 2008 unilaterally proclaimed the independence of the province.
partially	Antonio Arenas Merino (July 13, 1808, Lima – December 27, 1891 ) was the interim President of Peru, officially the President of the Government Junta of Peru, from December 3, 1885 to July 5, 1886.	Antonio Arenas Merino (* 13. Juli 1808 in Lima; † 27. Dezember 1891 ebenda), Jurist, Militär und Politiker, war von 1885 bis 1886 Präsident von Peru.	Antonio arenas Merino (* 13 July 1808 in Lima; died 27 December 1891 –), jurist, soldier , and politician, was President of Perufrom 1885 to 1886.
partially	Serbia achieved its current borders after World War II, when it became a federal unit within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Während dieser Zeit war Serbien in seinen heutigen Grenzen eine Teilrepublik Jugoslawiens.	During this time, Serbia in its present borders was a constituent Republic of Yugoslavia.
partially	An opening caption says Redfoo and SkyBlu have become shuffling zombies and are now in search of the perfect party in downtown Transylvania "From Dusk Till Dawn".	Die Handlung hat Ähnlichkeit mit dem Film From Dusk Till Dawn.	The plot has similarities with the film From Dusk Till Dawn.
partially	Services at the station were substantially cut by November 1, 1977 when the station lost its autonomy due to the merger of Kettwig with the city of Essen.	1977 wurde der Bahnhof Kettwig wird als selbstständige Dienststelle aufgelöst, auch bedingt durch die Eingemeindung Kettwigs zu Essen, die Bahnhofshalle wurde geschlossen.	1977 was Kettwig railway station is resolved as an independent Department, also due to the incorporation of Kettwigs to eat, the station Hall was closed.
partially	"Champagne Showers" is a song performed by American electro recording duo LMFAO, featuring vocals from English singer-songwriter Natalia Kills.	Champagne Showers ist ein Lied des US-amerikanischen Electro-/Hip-Hop-Duos LMFAO und die zweite Singleauskopplung des Albums Sorry for Party Rocking.	Champagne showers is a song of the American electro-hip hopduo LMFAO and the second single from the album Sorry for Party Rocking.
partially	6,830,812 telegrams were transmitted in 1869 producing revenue of £550,000.	Im Jahr 1869 wurden 6.830.812	In 1869, 6.830.812 were
partially	In late 1915, however, German generals were given control and invaded Serbia with Austrian and Bulgarian forces.	Bis zum Dezember 1915 besetzten österreichisch-ungarische, deutsche und bulgarische Truppen ganz Serbien.	Until December 1915, Austro-Hungarian, German and Bulgarian troops occupied throughout Serbia.
partially	Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (born January 9, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player and current head coach of the United Faith Christian Academy boys' basketball team.	Tyrone Curtis Bogues wurde im Jahr 1965 in Baltimore geboren.	Tyrone Curtis Bogues was born in 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland.
partially	In 1922 a group of radio manufacturers formed the British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which was the sole organisation granted a broadcasting licence by the GPO.	Das General Post Office zwang 1922 alle Elektronikhersteller, die Firma British Broadcasting Company (BBC) zu gründen, die unter GPO-Lizenz stand.	The General Post Office forced 1922 all electronics manufacturers to establish the company British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which was under GPO license.
partially	He died in December 1355 at the age 47.	Dušan konnte seine Pläne nicht zu Ende führen, da er 1355 plötzlich und auf unbekannte Weise starb.	Dušan could not complete his plans, since he died in 1355 suddenly and in unknown ways.
partially	He was a teammate of future NBA players David Wingate (graduating class ahead of him), Reggie Williams and Reggie Lewis (both in his graduating class).	Er besuchte die Dunbar High School in Baltimore und spielte in der dortigen Basketballmannschaft zusammen mit David Wingate, Reggie Williams und Reggie Lewis, die wie er später in die NBA kamen.	He attended the Dunbar high school in Baltimore and played in the local basketball team along with David Wingate, Reggie Williams, and Reggie Lewis, who later entered the NBA as he.
partially	Two games into the 1997–98 NBA season, Bogues' career in Charlotte ended when he was traded, along with Tony Delk, to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for B. J. Armstrong.	Am 11. Juli 1997 wurde Bogues zusammen mit seinem Hornets-Mitspieler Tony Delk zu den Golden State Warriors getradet.	On July 11, 1997, Bogues was together with Hornets teammate Tony Delk to the Golden State Warriors traded.
partially	He was born in Chicago, Illinois on May 4, 1902.	William Clement Stone (* 4. Mai 1902 in Chicago; † 3. September 2002) war ein US-amerikanischer Unternehmer, Philanthrop und Autor im Bereich der Neugeist-Bewegung.	William Clement Stone (* 4 may 1902 in Chicago; died 3 September 2002) was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and author in the field of the New thought movement.
partially	He went on to play four years at Wake Forest University, averaging 11.3 points, 8.4 assists and 3.1 steals per game in his junior year.	Im ersten College-Jahr erzielte er einen Schnitt von 11 Punkten, 8 Assists und 3 Steals pro Spiel.	In the first year of College, he scored an average of 11 points, 8 assists and 3 steals per game.
partially	The FAA certified the aircraft in September 1992.	Basierend auf der Schweizer 300C wurde die S-330 (Modell 269D) mit einer 220 SHP starken Turbine versehen, und von der US-amerikanischen Luftfahrtbehörde FAA am 14. September 1992 zugelassen.	Based on the Schweizer 300 C the S-330 (model 269D) was with a 220 SHP provided strong turbine, and approved by the American aviation authority FAA on September 14, 1992.
partially	Navarre's album Boulevard was released in July 1995 and has sold over 350,000 copies worldwide.	Sein erstes Album Boulevard hat sich über 300.000	His first album Boulevard has over 300,000
partially	Despite its setbacks in the political field, on 7 December 2009 the EU unfroze the trade agreement with Serbia and the Schengen countries dropped the visa requirement for Serbian citizens on 19 December 2009.	Die weitreichendste Veränderung im Verhältnis der EU mit Serbien war die vom 19. Dezember 2009 an gültige Reiseerleichterung für serbische Staatsbürger, die seitdem visafrei in die EU reisen können.	The most far-reaching change in the relationship of the EU with Serbia was December 19, 2009 on valid travel facilitation for Serbian citizens who since visa free travel in the EU.
partially	A proponent of the motivational book Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill, Stone associated with Hill to teach the Philosophy of Personal Achievement “Science of Success" course.	1960 tat sich W. C. Stone mit Napoleon Hill zusammen, um das Buch „Erfolg durch positives Denken“ zu verfassen.	1960 W. C. Stone with Napoleon Hill teamed up to write the book "Success through positive thinking".
partially	This was followed on 5 June 2006 by Serbia's declaration of independence, marking the final dissolution of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, and the re-emergence of Serbia as an independent state, under its own name, for the first time since 1918.	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
partially	Following Montenegro's vote for full independence in the referendum of 21 May 2006 (55.4% yes, 44.6% no), Montenegro declared independence on 3 June 2006.	Diese bestand bis 2003, seitdem bildeten diese beiden Republiken den Staatenbund Serbien und Montenegro, dessen Auflösung am 21. Mai 2006 durch das montenegrinische Unabhängigkeitsreferendum eingeleitet wurde.	This lasted until 2003, since these two republics formed the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, whose Auflösung was initiated by the Montenegrin independence referendum on May 21, 2006.
partially	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
partially	The Ottomans continued their conquest until they finally seized the entire northern medieval Serbia in 1459, when Smederevo fell into their hands.	Mit der Einnahme Smederevos 1459 wurde Serbien Teil des Osmanischen Reichs und hörte als Staat für mehrere Jahrhunderte auf zu existieren.	Taking Smederevos 1459 was Serbia part of the Ottoman Empire and stopped as a State for several centuries to exist.
partially	In 1918, the region of Vojvodina proclaimed its secession from Austria-Hungary to unite with the pan-Slavic State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs; the Kingdom of Serbia joined the union on 1 December 1918, and the country was named Kingdom of Serbs, Croats...	Die Rückeroberung Serbiens und der Platz an der Seite der Siegermächte des Ersten Weltkrieges ermöglichten Serbien, am 1. Dezember 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen zu begründen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nennen sollte.	The conquest of Serbia and the space on the side of the victors of the first World War allowed Serbia on 1 December 1918 to establish the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , that Yugoslavia should call themselves from 1929.
partially	Originally, the GPO was a monopoly covering the despatch of items from a specific sender to a specific receiver, which was to be of great importance when new forms of communication were invented.	Ursprünglich war das General Post Office ein Monopol für den Versand von Dingen von einem Versender zu einem Empfänger.	The General Post Office was originally a monopoly for the shipping of things from a consignor to a receiver.
partially	Seventy thousand tons of granite were imported from New England to build up a sand bar in the entrance to Charleston Harbor, which the site dominates.	Granit aus Neuengland importiert.	Imported granite from New England .
partially	Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (born January 9, 1965) is a retired American professional basketball player and current head coach of the United Faith Christian Academy boys' basketball team.	Tyrone Curtis „Muggsy“ Bogues (* 9. Januar 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland, USA) ist ein ehemaliger US-amerikanischer Basketballspieler, der 14 Saisons lang in der NBA als Point Guard eingesetzt wurde.	Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (* January 9 , 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland, United States) is a retired American professional basketball playerfor 14 seasons as an NBA Point Guard .
partially	The Serbian army retreated across the Albanian mountain ranges to the Adriatic Sea by January 1916.	Ohne den weiteren Rückhalt Serbiens brach jedoch der Widerstand Montenegros bald zusammen, was mit dem Zusammenbruch der montenegrinischen Armee am 25. Januar 1916 den Vorstoß der Mittelmächte nach Albanien geöffnet hatte.	Without further backing of Serbia Montenegro resistance collapsed but soon, what had opened with the collapse of the Montenegrin army on January 25, 1916 the thrust of Germany after Albania.
partially	The blue-eyes are a family of atheriniform fish, the Pseudomugilidae, related to the rainbowfishes.	Die Pseudomugilidae wurden früher als Unterfamilie in die Familie der Regenbogenfische (Melanotaeniidae) gestellt.	The Pseudomugilidae made earlier as a subfamily in the family of the Rainbow fish (Melanotaeniidae).
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Am 25. Juni 1991 proklamierten zunächst Slowenien und Kroatien ihre Unabhängigkeit, was von der Belgrader Führung als Verfassungsbruch angesehen wurde.	On 25 June 1991, Slovenia and Croatia proclaimed their independence, first what was regarded by the Belgrade leadership as a constitutional violation.
partially	After the dissolution of Yugoslavia in a series of wars in the 1990s, Serbia once again became an independent state on 5 June 2006, following the breakup of a short-lived union with Montenegro.	Montenegro erklärte daraufhin durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss am 3. Juni 2006 seine formale Unabhängigkeit, Serbien folgte am 5. Juni mit einer Unabhängigkeitserklärung, ebenfalls durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss.	Montenegro declared its formal independence by an act of Parliament on 3 June 2006, Serbia also followed on June 5 with a declaration of independence, by Act of Parliament.
partially	The assassination in March 2003 of the reforming Prime Minister, Zoran Đinđić was a major setback.	Am 12. März 2003 wurde Đinđić auf offener Straße von Attentätern aus den Reihen der ehemaligen „Roten Barette“ ermordet.	On March 12, 2003 was murdered Đinđić on the open road of bombers from the ranks of former "Red Berets" .
partially	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Genau wie bei der Post war nun alles vom General Post Office unter der Royal Charter lizenziert.	Just like at the post, everything from the General Post Office, the Royal Charter was now licensed.
partially	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
partially	It was designed to house 650 men and 135 guns in three tiers of gun emplacements, although it was never filled near its full capacity.	Die Festung war darauf ausgelegt, bis zu 650 Menschen und 135 Kanonen auf drei Stockwerken zu beherbergen.	The fortress was designed to accommodate up to 650 people and 135 guns on three floors.
partially	On 9 March 1991 a mass rally on the streets of Belgrade turned into a riot with vicious clashes between the protesters and police.	Am 9. März 1991 kam es zu Protesten in Serbien.	On March 9, 1991, it resulted in protests in Serbia.
partially	Socialist Yugoslavia was established as a federal state comprising six republics, from north to south: Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia and two autonomous regions within Serbia – Vojvodina and Kosovo.	Innerhalb der Teilrepublik Serbien wurden zwei autonome Provinzen eingerichtet: im Norden die Vojvodina (mit einer ungarischen Minderheit) und im Süden das Kosovo und Metochien (mit einer albanischen Mehrheit).	Within the Republic of Serbia two autonomous provinces were set up: In the North the Vojvodina (with a Hungarian minority) and in the South the Kosovo and Metohija (with an Albanian majority).
partially	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	1386 eroberten sie die wichtige Stadt und Feste Niš, doch schon 1387 gelang es den Serben, eine osmanische Heeresabteilung unter Lala Şahin bei Pločnik vernichtend zu schlagen.	1386 they captured the important city and fixed Niš, but already 1387 succeeded the Serbs, an Ottoman army Division under Lala to beat Şahin pločnik.
partially	During Dušan's rule, Serbia reached its territorial, political and economical peak, proclaiming itself as the successor of the Byzantine Empire, and became the most powerful Balkan state of that time.	Unter Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan (1331–1355), dem mächtigsten aller serbischen Herrscher, erreichte das Serbische Reich den Höhepunkt seines politischen Einflusses und seiner Ausdehnung.	See Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan (1331-1355), the most powerful of all Serbian rulers, the Serbian Empire reached the peak of its political influence and its extent.
partially	Serbia officially applied for European Union membership on 22 December 2009.	Die serbische Regierung stellte am 22. Dezember 2009 einen Antrag auf Mitgliedschaft in der Europäischen Union und gilt seit dem 1. März 2012 offiziell als Beitrittskandidat.	The Serbian Government made an application for membership in the European Union on December 22, 2009 and officially considered candidatesince March 1, 2012.
partially	In 1927, the original BBC was dissolved and reformed by Royal Charter as the British Broadcasting Corporation.	Diese erste BBC wurde 1927 aufgelöst, als durch eine Royal Charter die ebenfalls GPO-lizenzierte British Broadcasting Corporation gegründet wurde.	This first BBC was dissolved in 1927, when the also GPO licensed British Broadcasting Corporation was founded by a Royal Charter.
partially	Since leaving the NBA, Bogues worked in the real estate business until August 3, 2005, when he was named head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association despite a lack of coaching experience.	Vom 3. August 2005 bis zur Auflösung der Mannschaft in 2007 war er Cheftrainer der Charlotte Sting in der Women’s National Basketball Association.	From August 3, 2005, until the dissolution of the team in 2007, he was head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association.
partially	The occupying Axis powers then divided Yugoslavia up.	Nach dem schnellen Sieg der Achsenmächte über das Königreich Jugoslawien wurde das Land in zehn Teile mit unterschiedlichem staatsrechtlichem Status aufgeteilt.	After the quick victory of the Axis powers over the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the country was divided into ten parts with different staatsrechtlichem status.
partially	Following Montenegro's vote for full independence in the referendum of 21 May 2006 (55.4% yes, 44.6% no), Montenegro declared independence on 3 June 2006.	Montenegro erklärte daraufhin durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss am 3. Juni 2006 seine formale Unabhängigkeit, Serbien folgte am 5. Juni mit einer Unabhängigkeitserklärung, ebenfalls durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss.	Montenegro declared its formal independence by an act of Parliament on 3 June 2006, Serbia also followed on June 5 with a declaration of independence, by Act of Parliament.
partially	The two remaining republics of Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro, formed on 28 April 1992 a new federation named Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
partially	This song was an international hit in New Zealand, Australia, France, Ireland and Austria, peaking #8, #9, #12, #15 and #18 respectively.	Es debütierte in den britischen Charts auf Platz 32; in Deutschland erreichte das Lied Platz 41, in Österreich Platz 18, in Irland Platz 15, in Frankreich Platz 12, in Australien Platz neun und in Neuseeland Platz acht.	It debuted in the UK singles chart at number 32; in Germany, the song 41st, in Austria Court 18, Ireland 15th, number 12 in France, Australia ninth and New Zealand number eight is reached.
partially	In 1918 he moved to Detroit to sell casualty insurance for his mother.	Im Alter von 16 reiste er nach Detroit, um seiner Mutter bei der Gründung eines Versicherungsunternehmens zu helfen.	At the age of 16, he traveled to Detroitto help his mother with the formation of an insurance company .
partially	Named after General Thomas Sumter, Revolutionary War hero, Fort Sumter was built following the War of 1812, as one of a series of fortifications on the southern U.S. coast to protect the harbors.	Es ist nach Thomas Sumter (1734–1832), einem General des Amerikanischen Unabhängigkeitskrieges, benannt.	It is named a General of the American Revolutionary Warafter Thomas Sumter (1734-1832),.
partially	The 330 used the 300C's dynamic components, a Rolls Royce 250 turboshaft engine, and a new four-seat cockpit/cabin and body and new instrumentation.	Als Triebwerk findet eine Rolls-Royce 250-C20W ohne FADEC Verwendung.	As the engine is a Rolls-Royce 250- C20W without FADEC system use.
partially	The Balkan wars 1912–13, terminated the Turkish domination in the Balkans.	Es kam im Oktober 1912 zum Ersten Balkankrieg.	It resulted in the first Balkan war in October 1912.
partially	Maurice suffered blood poisoning from the wound and succumbed soon after his release from captivity.	Durch die Verwundung erlitt der Prinz eine Blutvergiftung, an deren Folgen er nach seiner Freilassung aus der Kriegsgefangenschaft 1760 in seiner Heimatstadt Dessau erlag.	By the wounding, the Prince suffered a blood infection, whose consequences he 1760 died after his release from captivity in his home town of Dessau.
partially	Alessandro "Sandro" Cortese (born January 6, 1990) is a German motorcycle racer, currently competing in the Moto2 Grand Prix World Championship.	Alessandro „Sandro“ Cortese (* 6. Januar 1990 in Ochsenhausen) ist ein deutscher Motorradrennfahrer.	Alessandro "Sandro" Cortese (* January 6 , 1990 in Ochsenhausen) is a German motorcycle racer.
partially	With the end of World War I and the collapse of both the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires the conditions were met for proclaiming the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in December 1918.	Am Ende des Ersten Weltkrieges, 1918, ging das Königreich Serbien im Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen auf, das 1929 in das Königreich Jugoslawien umbenannt wurde.	At the end of the first world war, in 1918, the Kingdom went to Serbia in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , which was renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929.
partially	Bogues appeared in the movie Space Jam, as one of five NBA players (along with Charles Barkley, Shawn Bradley, Larry Johnson, and Patrick Ewing) whose playing ability is stolen by the villainous Monstars.	In dem Film haben die „Nerdlucks“ das Talent von fünf NBA-Stars (Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Shawn Bradley und Muggsy Bogues) gestohlen und wollen nun ein Basketballspiel gegen die „Looney Tunes“ veranstalten.	In the film, the "Nerdlucks" stole the talent of five NBA stars (Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing, Larry Johnson, Shawn Bradley and Muggsy Bogues) and now want to hold a basketball game against the "Looney Tunes".
partially	This was followed on 5 June 2006 by Serbia's declaration of independence, marking the final dissolution of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, and the re-emergence of Serbia as an independent state, under its own name, for the first time since 1918.	Montenegro erklärte daraufhin durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss am 3. Juni 2006 seine formale Unabhängigkeit, Serbien folgte am 5. Juni mit einer Unabhängigkeitserklärung, ebenfalls durch einen Parlamentsbeschluss.	Montenegro declared its formal independence by an act of Parliament on 3 June 2006, Serbia also followed on June 5 with a declaration of independence, by Act of Parliament.
partially	Parliamentary elections were held in the Republic of Serbia on 28 December 2003.	Die nationalistische SRS-Partei des mutmaßlichen Kriegsverbrechers Vojislav Šešelj erlangte bei den Parlamentswahlen im Dezember 2003 mit rund 27 Prozent der Stimmen die meisten Mandate.	The nationalist SRSparty of alleged war criminal Vojislav Šešelj gained the most mandates elections in December 2003 with about 27 percent of the vote.
partially	The General Post Office (GPO) was officially established in England in 1660 by Charles II and it eventually grew to combine the functions of state postal system and telecommunications carrier.	Das britische General Post Office (GPO) wurde im Jahr 1660 offiziell von Charles II. gegründet.	The British General Post Office (GPO) was officially founded 1660 in the year of Charles II. .
partially	Despite its setbacks in the political field, on 7 December 2009 the EU unfroze the trade agreement with Serbia and the Schengen countries dropped the visa requirement for Serbian citizens on 19 December 2009.	Am 7. Dezember 2009 wurde von den Außenministern der EU ein Interimsabkommen für Handelserleichterungen mit Serbien freigegeben.	On December 7, 2009, an interim agreement for trade facilitation with Serbia has been released by the Foreign Affairs Ministers of the EU.
partially	After June 1999, Kosovo was made a United Nations protectorate, under the UN Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) based in Priština.	Das Kosovo wurde vorläufig Protektorat der UNO.	Kosovo was a protectorate of the United Nationsprovisionally.
partially	Cortese was born in Ochsenhausen, West Germany, as the son of an Italian father and a German mother.	Sandro Cortese ist als Sohn eines Italieners und einer Deutschen auf dem elterlichen Metallbaubetrieb in Berkheim an der Iller aufgewachsen.	Sandro Cortese grew up as the son of an Italian father and a German on parental metal construction in Berkheim at the River Iller .
partially	Bogues was drafted 12th overall in the 1987 NBA Draft by the Washington Bullets, and was part of a talent-laden draft class that also included David Robinson, Reggie Miller, Scottie Pippen, and Kevin Johnson.	Im Jahr 1987 wurde Muggsy Bogues an zwölfter Stelle von der Basketballmannschaft Washington Bullets in der NBA gedraftet.	In 1987, Muggsy Bogues was in 12th place by the basketball team Washington Bullets in the NBA drafted.
partially	The 28 June 1914 assassination of Austrian Crown Prince Franz Ferdinand in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, by Gavrilo Princip, a member of Young Bosnia and one of seven assassins, served as a pretext for the Austrian declaration of war on Serbia on 28 July...	Am Vidovdan, dem Nationalfeiertag Serbiens am 28. Juni 1914, wurde durch den jungen serbischen Studenten Gavrilo Princip ein erfolgreiches Attentat auf Franz Ferdinand verübt.	On Vidovdan, Serbia's national day on June 28, 1914, a successful assassination attempt on Franz Ferdinand was perpetrated by the young Serbian student Gavrilo Princip .
partially	Tsar Dušan enacted the known Dušan's Code, an extensive constitution, and opened new trade routes and strengthened the state's economy.	Die weitgehenden Rechte von Adel und Kirche wurden 1349 in einem umfassenden Rechtskodex, dem so genannten Dušanov zakonik (Kodex des Stefan Dušan) festgelegt.	The extensive rights of nobility and church were 1349 in a comprehensive legal code, the so-called Dušanov zakonik (code of Stefan Dušan) set.
partially	He took second place finishes in Qatar and Portugal, before taking his first Grand Prix victory – in his 109th start – in the Czech Republic, having battled with Johann Zarco in the closing stages of the race.	Am 14. August 2011 fuhr er beim Großen Preis von Tschechien in Brünn seinen ersten Grand-Prix-Sieg ein, nachdem er zuvor 108 Rennen in der WM sieglos geblieben war.	On August 14, 2011 he took his first Grand Prix victory at the Grand Prix of the Czech Republic in Brno , after he previously was not 108 racing in the World Cup.
partially	Bogues played two seasons with the Warriors, and then signed as a free agent with the Toronto Raptors, where he would eventually finish his career.	Am 23. September 1999 unterschrieb er als Free Agent einen Vertrag und wechselte für die Saison 1999/2000 zu den Toronto Raptors.	On September 23, 1999, he signed as a free agent a contract and signed for the 1999–2000 season with the Toronto Raptors.
partially	Union efforts to retake Charleston Harbor began on April 7, 1863, when Rear Admiral Samuel Francis Du Pont, commander of the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, led the ironclad frigate New Ironsides, the tower ironclad Keokuk, and the monitors Weehawken...	Im April 1863 versuchten die Unionstruppen einen Angriff auf Charleston und beschossen Fort Sumter schwer.	In April 1863, Union forces attempted an attack on Charleston and heavily shelled Fort Sumter.
partially	The effective nationalisation of the UK telecommunications industry occurred in 1912 with the takeover of the National Telephone Company which left only a few municipal undertakings independent of the GPO (in particular Hull Telephones Department and the...	Der letzte in entscheidende Schritt war 1912 die Übernahme der National Telephone Company, nach der nur noch wenige kleine Anbieter unabhängig vom General Post Office existierten.	The last crucial step was the acquisition of the national telephone company, after only a few small vendors existed independently of the General Post Office in 1912.
partially	Cortese made his 125cc World Championship debut with Kiefer-Bos-Castrol Honda in 2005, finishing the season in 26th place with 8 points.	2005 absolvierte Cortese seine erste komplette Saison in der 125-cm³-Klasse der Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft für das deutsche Team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing der Gebrüder Kiefer auf Honda.	2005 Cortese completed his first full season in the 125-cc class of the motorcycle World Championship for the German team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing brothers pine on Honda.
partially	Kettwig is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany on the Ruhr Valley Railway.	Der Bahnhof Kettwig ist ein S-Bahnhof im Essener Stadtteil Kettwig.	Kettwig station is an s-Bahn station in Essen Kettwig.
partially	In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.	Im Jahr 1969 erfolgte die Überführung dieser Behörde in den neu gegründeten Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation.	The transfer of this authority in the newly formed state operating Post Office Corporationtook place in 1969.
partially	They inhabit fresh and brackish water in Australia and New Guinea.	Diese etwa fünf Zentimeter klein bleibenden Süß- oder Brackwasserfische kommen nur auf der Insel Neuguinea (Papua-Neuguinea, West Papua), auf den Aru-Inseln und in Australien vor.	These about five inches of small permanent freshwater or brackish water fish occur only on the island of New Guinea (Papua New Guinea, West Papua), the Aru Islands and Australia .
partially	Stone contributed up to $10 million to President Richard Nixon's election campaigns in 1968 and 1972; these were cited in Congressional debates after Watergate to institute campaign spending limits.	1968 und 1972 unterstützte er die Wahlkampagnen des US-amerikanischen Präsidenten Richard Nixon mit 2 Millionen $.	in 1968 and 1972, he supported the presidential campaigns of U.S. President Richard Nixon with 2 million $.
partially	The government became the sole shareholder in Royal Mail Holdings plc and its subsidiary Post Office Ltd.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
partially	In 1996, Bogues had a film cameo at the end of Eddie in which Whoopi Goldberg's character flirts with him.	1996 hatte Muggsy Bogues einen Gastauftritt in dem Sportfilm Eddie.	Muggsy Bogues had a guest appearance in the sports movie Eddiein 1996.
partially	As part of the Postal Services Act 2000, the businesses of the Post Office were transferred in 2001 to a public limited company, Consignia plc, which was quickly renamed Royal Mail Holdings plc.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
partially	His style has been described as being a combination of house and nu jazz music.	St Germain bewegt sich in den Bereichen Nu Jazz, Acid Jazz und House.	St Germain moves in the fields of Nu Jazz, Acid Jazz and House.
partially	On 25 November, the Assembly of Serbs, Bunjevci, and other nations of Vojvodina in Novi Sad voted to join the region to Serbia.	Schon am 25. November beschloss die Volksversammlung der Vojvodina die Vereinigung mit Serbien, am 29. November folgte dem die Nationalversammlung Montenegros.	On November 25, the people's Assembly of Vojvodina Union with Serbia decided on 29 November, the National Assembly of Montenegrowas followed by the.
partially	On Friday, April 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., Confederate batteries opened fire, firing for 34 straight hours, on the fort.	Das Eintreffen dieser Versorgungsschiffe war der Anlass für die konföderierte Truppen unter General Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, am 12. April 1861 um 4:30 Uhr von der passiven Belagerung zu Kampfhandlungen überzugehen.	The arrival of these supply ships was the occasion for the Confederate troops under general Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, on April 12, 1861, from the passive siege combat operations at 4:30 to go.
partially	The blue-eyes are a family of atheriniform fish, the Pseudomugilidae, related to the rainbowfishes.	Die Blauaugen (Pseudomugilidae) sind eine Familie der Ährenfischartigen.	Blue eyes (Pseudomugilidae) are a family of the Ährenfischartigen.
partially	Named after General Thomas Sumter, Revolutionary War hero, Fort Sumter was built following the War of 1812, as one of a series of fortifications on the southern U.S. coast to protect the harbors.	Nach dem Ende des Britisch-Amerikanischen Krieges von 1812 bis 1814 wurde an der amerikanischen Atlantikküste und einigen anderen Standorten unter dem Namen Third System eine Kette von Küstenbefestigungen errichtet.	After the end of the British-American war from 1812 to 1814, a chain was built on the American Atlantic coast and some other locations under the name Third System of coastal fortifications .
partially	Fort Sumter National Monument encompasses three sites in Charleston: the original Fort Sumter, the Fort Sumter Visitor Education Center, and Fort Moultrie on Sullivan's Island.	Zum National Monument gehören auch ein Besucherzentrum in Charleston auf dem Festland, sowie auf Sullivans Island das Fort Moultrie und seit 2008 das Sullivan's Island Lighthouse, der dienstjüngste Leuchtturm der Vereinigten Staaten.	Also a visitor center in Charleston on the Mainland, as well as on Sullivan's Iceland Fort Moultrie , and since 2008 include the national monument the Sullivan's Iceland Lighthouse, the service most recent Lighthouse of the United States.
partially	Having contested every race since his Grand Prix début in 2005, Cortese won his first world title in the Moto3 class, in 2012.	Am 21. Oktober siegte er beim Großen Preis von Malaysia in Sepang, dem drittletzten Lauf der Meisterschaft, und wurde damit vorzeitig erster Weltmeister der Moto3-Klasse.	On October 21, he won the Malaysian Grand Prix at Sepang, the third round of the Championship, and was thus early first world champion of Moto3 class.
partially	Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (FRY) was established in 1992 as a federation.	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
partially	On March 18, 2014, Bogues was named the Charlotte Hornets' Ambassador, participating in the team’s re-branding.	Seitdem arbeitet er für die Charlotte Hornets als Team-Botschafter und Radiosprecher.	Since then he works as team Ambassador and radio announcer for the Charlotte Hornets .
partially	Cortese eventually ended the season fourth in the championship.	Am Ende der Saison 2011 erreichte Cortese mit 225 Punkten den vierten Gesamtrang in der 125-cm³-Weltmeisterschaft.	At the end of the 2011 season Cortese reached with 225 points ranked fourth overall in the 125-cm ³ - World Championship.
partially	Maurice was the fifth son of Leopold I, Prince of Anhalt-Dessau, by his morganatic wife Anna Louise Föhse.	Als einer der fünf Söhne des „Alten Dessauers“ Fürst Leopold I. von Anhalt-Dessau (1676-1747) und dessen Jugendliebe, der gegen den Willen der anhaltischen Aristokratie in den Adel erhobenen Apothekerstochter Anna Luise Föhse, schlug er tradition...	As one of the five sons of the "old of Dessauer" Prince Leopold I of Anhalt-Dessau (1676-1747) and his childhood sweetheart, Anna Luise Faiqpharmacist daughter against the will of the anhaltisches aristocracy in the nobility, he traditionally struck the ...
partially	On 20 October 1944 the Soviet Red Army liberated Belgrade and by the end of 1944 all Serbia was free from German control.	Am 20. Oktober 1944 wurde Belgrad gemeinsam von Tito-Partisanen und der Roten Armee befreit.	On 20 October 1944 Belgrade released togetherpartisans and the Red Army by Tito.
partially	In his rookie year, Bogues was a teammate of Manute Bol who stood 7 ft 7 in (2.31 m) tall.	Bogues spielte an der Seite von Manute Bol, mit 2,31 Meter einer der größten NBA-Spieler aller Zeiten, und erhielt von den Zuschauern bzw. Fans den Spitznamen „Muggsy“ (engl.	Bogues played on the side of Manute Bol, with 2.31 meters, of the greatest NBA players of all time, and was nicknamed "Muggsy" (Engl.) by the spectators or fans
partially	The start of the Spanish-American War prompted renewed interest in its military use and reconstruction commenced on the facilities that had further eroded over time.	Erst unter dem Eindruck des Spanisch-amerikanischen Krieges vom 25. April bis 12. August 1898 wurde eine neuerliche militärische Nutzung beschlossen.	Only a renewed military use was decided under the impression of the Spanish American war from 25 April to 12 August 1898.
partially	A Stabilisation and Association Agreement (SAA) was signed in 2008 and is expected to enter into force in 2011.	Verhandlungen über ein Stabilisierungs- und Assoziierungsabkommen (SAA) begannen im November 2005.	Negotiations on an stabilisation and association agreement (SAA) began in November 2005.
partially	The Autonomous Principality became an internationally recognized independent country following the Russo-Turkish War in 1878.	Durch den Berliner Kongress 1878 wurde die Unabhängigkeit des Fürstentums Serbien anerkannt.	The independence of the Principality of Serbia was recognized by the Berlin Congress of 1878.
partially	In 1840 the Uniform Penny Post was introduced, which incorporated the two key innovations of a uniform postal rate, which cut administrative costs and encouraged use of the system, and adhesive pre-paid stamp.	Im Jahr 1840 wurde die Penny Post eingeführt.	The penny post was introduced in 1840.
partially	The Kingdom of Serbia was proclaimed in 1217.	dass dieser seinen Bruder Stefan 1217 zum König krönte.	that this 1217 crowned his brother Stefan the King.
partially	Bogues was born in Baltimore, Maryland and played at Dunbar High School in his native Baltimore, where he was coached by Bob Wade, later the head coach at the University of Maryland.	Tyrone Curtis Bogues wurde im Jahr 1965 in Baltimore geboren.	Tyrone Curtis Bogues was born in 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland.
partially	Časlav took the throne in 927, with the death of the Bulgar Tsar, and immediately put himself under Byzantine overlordship.	Nach Simeons Tod 927 kehrte Časlav als Befreier nach Serbien zurück.	927 returned after death of Simeon Časlav as liberators to Serbia.
partially	The success of the Serbian revolution against Ottoman rule in 1817 marked the birth of the Principality of Serbia, which achieved de facto independence in 1867 and finally gained recognition by the Great Powers in the Berlin Congress of 1878.	Erst mit den Ergebnissen des Berliner Kongresses, 1878, wurde Serbien ein unabhängiger Staat.	Only with the results of the Berlin Congress, 1878, Serbia was State an independent .
partially	In 1918, the region of Vojvodina proclaimed its secession from Austria-Hungary to unite with the pan-Slavic State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs; the Kingdom of Serbia joined the union on 1 December 1918, and the country was named Kingdom of Serbs, Croats...	Am Ende des Ersten Weltkrieges, 1918, ging das Königreich Serbien im Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen auf, das 1929 in das Königreich Jugoslawien umbenannt wurde.	At the end of the first world war, in 1918, the Kingdom went to Serbia in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , which was renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929.
partially	After the war, Josip Broz Tito became the first president of the new—socialist—Yugoslavia which he ruled through the League of Communists of Yugoslavia.	Mit dem Sieg der Jugoslawischen Volksbefreiungsarmee unter Josip Broz Tito wurde die Monarchie abgeschafft und 1945 der Grundstein für die Sozialistische Föderative Republik Jugoslawien der Nachkriegszeit gelegt.	With the victory of the Yugoslav people's Liberation Army under Josip Broz Tito , abolished the monarchy and in 1945 laid the foundation stone for the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia of the post-war period.
partially	A new Constitution was drawn up and came into force on 28 Sep 1990 transforming the one-party Socialist Republic of Serbia into a multi-party Republic of Serbia The first multi-party elections were held on 9 and 23 December 1990 and in what became the pa...	In Zusammenhang mit den politischen Umwälzungen in den anderen sozialistischen Staaten Osteuropas 1989/1990 bildeten sich dann auch in Jugoslawien neue Parteien und es kam 1990 zu ersten freien Wahlen in einigen Republiken, die mehrheitlich von national...	1989/1990 new parties formed in connection with the political upheavals in the other socialist States of Eastern Europe then in Yugoslavia and it joined in 1990 first free elections in some Republics, which were mostly won by nationalistic acting parties.
partially	Smirke's building was felt to be too small by this time, however, and in 1910 the headquarters was moved to the King Edward Building.	Der Schließung des Gebäudes 1910 folgte dessen baldiger Abriss.	Its imminent demolition was followed by the closure of the building of 1910.
partially	Named "Battery Huger" in honor of Revolutionary War General Isaac Huger, it never saw combat.	Es ist nach Thomas Sumter (1734–1832), einem General des Amerikanischen Unabhängigkeitskrieges, benannt.	It is named a General of the American Revolutionary Warafter Thomas Sumter (1734-1832),.
partially	Following Nixon's resignation, he briefly left government service.	Nach Nixons Rücktritt verließ er die Regierung, wurde aber schnell von Präsident Jimmy Carter zum Botschafter der Vereinigten Staaten in Jugoslawien berufen, eine Position, die er zwischen 1977 und 1980 innehatte.	After Nixon's resignation, he left the Government, a position he held between 1977 and 1980 appointed but quickly by President Jimmy Carter to the United States Ambassador to Yugoslavia.
partially	In 1918, the region of Vojvodina proclaimed its secession from Austria-Hungary to unite with the pan-Slavic State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs; the Kingdom of Serbia joined the union on 1 December 1918, and the country was named Kingdom of Serbs, Croats...	Aus Serbien, dem bis dahin unabhängigen Montenegro sowie den meisten südslawisch besiedelten Ländern Österreich-Ungarns entstand 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nannte.	The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, called Yugoslavia in 1929 formed Serbia, the until then independent Montenegro and most South-Slav-populated countries of Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1918.
partially	Two games into the 1997–98 NBA season, Bogues' career in Charlotte ended when he was traded, along with Tony Delk, to the Golden State Warriors in exchange for B. J. Armstrong.	Im Gegenzug kam der 1,88 Meter große Point Guard B. J. Armstrong von den Golden State Warriors zu den Charlotte Hornets.	On the other hand, the 1.88-meter Point Guard B. j. Armstrong came from the Golden State Warriors to the Charlotte Hornets.
partially	After the war, Suwałki remained a capital of the powiat.	Die Stadt Suwałki selbst hat den Status eines Stadtkreises (eigentlich miasto na prawach powiatu, „Stadt mit Rechten eines Powiat“).	The city of Suwałki itself has the status of a city circuit (actually gołębia na prawach powiatu, "Town with the rights of a Powiat").
partially	The General Post Office, designed with Grecian ionic porticoes by Sir Robert Smirke, was built between 1825 and 1829, ran 400 feet (120 m) long and 80 feet (24 m) deep, and was lit with a thousand gas burners at night.	Das Gebäude wurde im griechischen Stil errichtet und hatte ionische Portikusse und war ca. 122 Meter lang und 24 Meter breit.	The building was built in Greek style and had Ionic porticoes, and was approximately 122 feet long and 24 feet wide.
partially	As Bogues settled in Charlotte, he established himself as an exceptional passer, a great ball-stealer, and one of the fastest players on the court.	Nachdem er nach Charlotte (North Carolina) umzog, konnte er seine Pass sowie Steal-Fähigkeiten verbessern.	After he moved to Charlotte, North Carolina , he could improve his pass and steal abilities.
partially	In the Battle of Mohács on 29 August 1526, Ottoman Empire destroyed the army of Hungarian–Czech king Louis Jagellion, who was killed on the battlefield.	Mit dem osmanischen Sieg über Ungarn bei Mohács 1526 war auch das Ende des serbischen Fürstentums in Ungarn entschieden.	With the Ottoman victory over Hungary at Mohács in 1526 , the end of the Serbian Principality of Hungary was decided.
partially	On Friday, April 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., Confederate batteries opened fire, firing for 34 straight hours, on the fort.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
partially	Also, on 29 November the National Assembly of Montenegro voted for union with Serbia, and two days later an assembly of leaders of Austria–Hungary's southern Slav regions voted to join the new State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs.	Schon am 25. November beschloss die Volksversammlung der Vojvodina die Vereinigung mit Serbien, am 29. November folgte dem die Nationalversammlung Montenegros.	On November 25, the people's Assembly of Vojvodina Union with Serbia decided on 29 November, the National Assembly of Montenegrowas followed by the.
partially	In 1980 the telecommunications and postal sides were split prior to the splitting off of British Telecommunications into a totally separate publicly owned corporation the following year as a result of the British Telecommunications Act, 1981.	Der British Telecommunications Act von 1981 spaltete die sogenannte British Telecommunications Corporation ab und ließ dem Post Office Telecommunications nur noch die Verantwortung über den Brief- und Paketdienst sowie den Betrieb der Postämter.	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split the so-called British Telecommunications Corporation and left only the responsibility of mail and parcel service, as well as the operation of post offices the post office telecommunications.
partially	From the start the GPO had trouble with competitive pirate radio broadcasters who found ways to deliver electronic messages to British receivers without first obtaining a GPO licence.	Zur Verfolgung der Piratensender schuf das General Post Office eine Gruppe von Ermittlern mit Peilwagen.	To prosecute the pirate radio station, the General Post Office created a group of investigators with sounding car.
partially	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split off the telecommunications business to form the British Telecommunications corporation, leaving the Post Office corporation with the Royal Mail, parcels, Post Office Counters and National Giro businesses.	1981 erfolgte dann eine Aufteilung in separate Post- und Telekommunikationsunternehmen.	in 1981 it was divided into separate postal and telecommunications companies.
partially	In the 1870s, a new building was added on the western side of the street to house the telegraph department, and the General Post Office North was built immediately north of the telegraph building in the 1890s.	Um 1870 wurde für die Telegrafenabteilung ein eigener Flügel angebaut.	A separate wing for the Telegraph Department was built around 1870.
partially	The expression reached global attention in 1927, with the popularity of the Paramount Studios film It, starring Clara Bow.	Die Bezeichnung „It girl“ kam zum ersten Mal in den USA für den Stummfilm-Star Clara Bow auf („Amerikas erstes Sex-Symbol“), nachdem sie 1927 die Hauptrolle in dem Film It (deutscher Titel: Das gewisse Etwas) nach dem Erfolgsroman It von Elinor ...	The term "it girl" came for the first time in the United States for the silent film star Clara Bow on ("America's first sex symbol"), after she 1927 starred in the film it (German title: something) had played after the successful novel it by Elinor Glyn .
partially	In the 1870s, a new building was added on the western side of the street to house the telegraph department, and the General Post Office North was built immediately north of the telegraph building in the 1890s.	An diesen wiederum wurde 1890 im Zuge der weiteren Expansion das General Post Office North angebaut.	These in turn that was grown in 1890 in the course of further expansion General Post Office North .
partially	But, the Battle of Kosovo in 1389 was the turning point of the war between the Serbs and the Turks.	Am 15. Juni 1389 (nach Julianischem Kalender am 28. Juni, dem St.-Veits-Tag oder Vidovdan), trafen Serben und Osmanen in der Schlacht auf dem Amselfeld (Kosovo polje) aufeinander.	On June 15, 1389 ( Julian calendar on June 28, the St. Vitus day or Vidovdan), met in the battle on the Kosovo Serbs and Ottomans (Kosovo polje) together.
partially	On Saturday, April 13, the fort was surrendered and evacuated.	Am 13. April 1861 um 14:00 Uhr ergab sich die Besatzung des Forts unter Major Anderson, nachdem ein Brand im Offiziersquartier außer Kontrolle geraten war und Gefahr bestand, dass in der Folge das Pulvermagazin explodierte.	On April 13, 1861 at 14:00 the garrison of the Fort under major Anderson surrendered, after a fire was in the officer's quarters out of control and there was a risk that as a result the powder magazine exploded.
partially	Much of what is known about W. Clement Stone comes from his autobiography The Success System That Never Fails.	Zwei Jahre später schrieb W. C. Stone das Buch „Das Erfolgssystem, das niemals fehlschlägt“, in dem er über die Geheimnisse berichtete, reich zu werden und ein gesundes und erfülltes Leben zu führen.	Two years later, W. C. Stone wrote the book "The success system that never fails", in which he reported about the secrets to become wealthy and to live a healthy and fulfilling life.
partially	Following Montenegro's vote for full independence in the referendum of 21 May 2006 (55.4% yes, 44.6% no), Montenegro declared independence on 3 June 2006.	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
partially	Eagleburger died of pneumonia at the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (* 1. August 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; † 4. Juni 2011 in Charlottesville, Virginia) war ein US-amerikanischer Politiker und Diplomat.	Lawrence Sidney Eagleburger (* 1 August 1930 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; died 4 June 2011 in Charlottesville, Virginia) was an American politician and diplomat.
partially	Socialist Yugoslavia was established as a federal state comprising six republics, from north to south: Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia and two autonomous regions within Serbia – Vojvodina and Kosovo.	Die sozialistische Republik Serbien wurde eine von sechs Teilrepubliken in Jugoslawien.	The Socialist Republic of Serbia became one of six constituent republics in Yugoslavia.
partially	The new FRY President Vojislav Koštunica was soon joined at the top of the domestic Serbian political scene by the Democratic Party's (DS) Zoran Đinđić, who was elected Prime Minister of Serbia at the head of the DOS ticket in December's republican e...	Im Januar 2001 wurde Zoran Đinđić zum neuen Ministerpräsidenten gewählt.	In January 2001, was Zoran Đinđić elected as the new Prime Minister.
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
partially	Serbia gained its autonomy from the Ottoman Empire in two uprisings in 1804 (led by Đorđe Petrović – Karađorđe) and 1815 (led by Miloš Obrenović), although Turkish troops continued to garrison the capital, Belgrade, until 1867.	1815 brach der Zweite Serbische Aufstand unter Miloš Obrenović, der das Haus Obrenović begründete, aus.	in 1815, the second Serbian uprising Miloš Obrenović, who founded the House of Obrenović , broke out.
partially	A first station at Kettwig was opened in 1871 by the Bergisch-Märkische Eisenbahn and passenger service on the line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Kupferdreh was started on 1 February 1872.	Der erste Kettwiger Bahnhof wurde im Jahr 1871 errichtet.	The first [train station was built in 1871.
partially	On 20 October 1944 the Soviet Red Army liberated Belgrade and by the end of 1944 all Serbia was free from German control.	Im Zweiten Weltkrieg war Serbien nach dem deutschen Balkanfeldzug von 1941 bis 1944 ein Satellitenstaat unter der Kontrolle des Deutschen Reiches.	In the Second World War , Serbia was a satellite state under the control of the German Empireafter the German Balkans campaign from 1941 to 1944.
partially	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Dies wurde dazu benutzt, das Monopol vom Postdienst auf jede Form elektronischer Kommunikation zu erweitern, da jeder Sender eine Art Verteilerdienst benutzte.	This was used to extend the monopoly of the postal service on any form of electronic communication, as each transmitter used a kind of distribution service.
partially	On Friday, April 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., Confederate batteries opened fire, firing for 34 straight hours, on the fort.	Die Kampfhandlungen dauerten 34 Stunden.	The fighting lasted for 34 hours.
partially	After the dissolution of Yugoslavia in a series of wars in the 1990s, Serbia once again became an independent state on 5 June 2006, following the breakup of a short-lived union with Montenegro.	Zehn Jahre nach dem Tod Titos brach Jugoslawien ab den 1990er in den Jugoslawienkriegen wieder auseinander.	Ten years after the death of Tito's Yugoslavia broke apart again from the 1990s Yugoslavia wars .
partially	Construction began in 1829, and the structure was still unfinished in 1861, when the Civil War began.	Die Bauarbeiten für beide Forts wurden 1829 begonnen.	The construction of both forts were started in 1829.
partially	Serbia gained its autonomy from the Ottoman Empire in two uprisings in 1804 (led by Đorđe Petrović – Karađorđe) and 1815 (led by Miloš Obrenović), although Turkish troops continued to garrison the capital, Belgrade, until 1867.	Erst knappe 350 Jahre später gelang es den Serben unter Đorđe Petrović, genannt Karađorđe (schwarzer Georg) im Ersten Serbischen Aufstand (1804) weite Teile Serbiens zu befreien.	Only scarce 350 years later succeeded the Serbs under Đorđe Petrović, called in the first Serbian uprising to liberate Karađorđe (black George) (1804) large parts of Serbia.
partially	Hemisphaeriodon gerrardii inhabit wet sclerophyll forests and rainforests as well as moist areas in woodlands.	Hier bewohnt er als Bodenbewohner halbfeuchte und trockene Wälder.	Here he inhabited half moist and dry forests as bottom dwellers.
partially	A successful Allied offensive in September 1918 secured first Bulgaria's surrender and then the liberation of the occupied Serbian territories (November 1918).	Der lange Marsch nach Belgrad dauerte 46 Tage und die Hauptstadt wurde am 1. November 1918 befreit.	The long March lasted 46 days after Belgrade and the capital was liberated on November 1, 1918.
partially	He had three sons, all of whom are named Lawrence Eagleburger, though they have different middle names.	Das Ehepaar hat zwei Söhne und Eagleburger einen Sohn aus erster Ehe, die alle nach ihrem Vater Lawrence Eagleburger benannt wurden und lediglich nach ihrem Mittelnamen zu unterscheiden sind: Lawrence Scott, Lawrence Andrew und Lawrence Jason Eagleburger.	The couple has two sons and Eagleburger a son from his first marriage, which were named after their father Lawrence Eagleburger and are distinguished only by their middle name: Lawrence Scott, Lawrence Andrew and Lawrence Eagleburger on Jason .
partially	On 27 July 1990 Milošević merged the League of Communists of Serbia with several smaller communist front parties to form the Socialist Party of Serbia.	In Zusammenhang mit den politischen Umwälzungen in den anderen sozialistischen Staaten Osteuropas 1989/1990 bildeten sich dann auch in Jugoslawien neue Parteien und es kam 1990 zu ersten freien Wahlen in einigen Republiken, die mehrheitlich von national...	1989/1990 new parties formed in connection with the political upheavals in the other socialist States of Eastern Europe then in Yugoslavia and it joined in 1990 first free elections in some Republics, which were mostly won by nationalistic acting parties.
partially	He is the Hornets' career leader in minutes played (19,768), assists (5,557), steals (1,067), turnovers (1,118), and assists per 48 minutes (13.5).	Muggsy Bogues ist mit 5.557 Assists und 1.067 Steals All-Time-Leader der Charlotte Hornets.	Muggsy Bogues is 5.557 assists with 1,067 steals all time-leader of the Charlotte Hornets.
partially	The written information about the first dynasty ends with the death of Časlav.	Weitere Angaben über ihre Herrschaft stammen aus dem 9. Jahrhundert.	More information about their domination come from the 9th century.
partially	He started his career at the age of nine on pocket bikes and was European Pocket Bike champion as well as German Mini Bike champion.	Er begann bereits im Alter von zweieinhalb Jahren auf einem kleinen Motorrad Motocross zu fahren; später auch Pocket-Bike.	He began already to go on a small motorcycle Motocross at the age of two and a half years. later also Pocket-Bike.
partially	In 1980 the telecommunications and postal sides were split prior to the splitting off of British Telecommunications into a totally separate publicly owned corporation the following year as a result of the British Telecommunications Act, 1981.	1981 erfolgte dann eine Aufteilung in separate Post- und Telekommunikationsunternehmen.	in 1981 it was divided into separate postal and telecommunications companies.
partially	One Union soldier was killed and another Union soldier was mortally wounded during the surrender ceremony (see above).	Während eines 100-Schuss-Saluts für die Unionsfahne, eine der Kapitulationsbedingungen von Major Anderson, wurde der Unionssoldat Private Daniel Hough getötet und einige weitere Unionssoldaten teils schwer verletzt, als eine der Kanonen während des N...	During a 100 - shotsalute for the Union flag, one of the conditions of surrender of major Anderson, was the Union soldier killed private Daniel Hough and some other Union soldiers partly seriously injured, as one of the guns fired at an early stage durin...
partially	Uroš II initially fought the Byzantines, but after a defeat soon gives oaths of servitude to the Emperor.	Nach anfänglichen Reibereien mit Byzanz schloss Uroš II. 1299 einen Friedensvertrag mit Kaiser Andronikos II. Palaiologos und heiratete dessen Tochter.	After initial friction with Byzantium Uroš II. concluded a peace treaty in 1299 with Emperor Andronikos II. Palaiologos and married his daughter.
partially	Bogues was born in Baltimore, Maryland and played at Dunbar High School in his native Baltimore, where he was coached by Bob Wade, later the head coach at the University of Maryland.	Er besuchte die Dunbar High School in Baltimore und spielte in der dortigen Basketballmannschaft zusammen mit David Wingate, Reggie Williams und Reggie Lewis, die wie er später in die NBA kamen.	He attended the Dunbar high school in Baltimore and played in the local basketball team along with David Wingate, Reggie Williams, and Reggie Lewis, who later entered the NBA as he.
partially	Stone explained the importance of PMA (Positive Mental Attitude) in his last interview not long before dying.	Darüber hinaus propagierte Stone die Lebens- und Geschäftsart der positiven Geisteshaltung in seinen Büchern.	In addition, stone advocated the life and business kind of positive attitude in his books.
partially	Stone emphasized using a "positive mental attitude" to succeed.	Darüber hinaus propagierte Stone die Lebens- und Geschäftsart der positiven Geisteshaltung in seinen Büchern.	In addition, stone advocated the life and business kind of positive attitude in his books.
partially	Edmund Ruffin, noted Virginian agronomist and secessionist, claimed that he fired the first shot on Fort Sumter.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
partially	Construction began in 1829, and the structure was still unfinished in 1861, when the Civil War began.	Das Bauwerk wurde 1829 begonnen und war 1861 fast fertiggestellt.	The building was begun in 1829 and was completed in 1861, almost.
partially	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Genau wie bei der Post war nun alles vom General Post Office unter der Royal Charter lizenziert.	Just like at the post, everything from the General Post Office, the Royal Charter was now licensed.
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Kroatien erklärte am 8. Oktober 1991 seine Unabhängigkeit.	Croatia declared its independence on October 8, 1991.
partially	The eldest is from his first marriage, which ended in divorce.	Das Ehepaar hat zwei Söhne und Eagleburger einen Sohn aus erster Ehe, die alle nach ihrem Vater Lawrence Eagleburger benannt wurden und lediglich nach ihrem Mittelnamen zu unterscheiden sind: Lawrence Scott, Lawrence Andrew und Lawrence Jason Eagleburger.	The couple has two sons and Eagleburger a son from his first marriage, which were named after their father Lawrence Eagleburger and are distinguished only by their middle name: Lawrence Scott, Lawrence Andrew and Lawrence Eagleburger on Jason .
partially	In 2003, it was reconstituted as a political union called the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro (SCG).	Diese bestand bis 2003, seitdem bildeten diese beiden Republiken den Staatenbund Serbien und Montenegro, dessen Auflösung am 21. Mai 2006 durch das montenegrinische Unabhängigkeitsreferendum eingeleitet wurde.	This lasted until 2003, since these two republics formed the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, whose Auflösung was initiated by the Montenegrin independence referendum on May 21, 2006.
partially	At the 2004 Presidential election Boris Tadić, candidate of the Democratic Party won over Tomislav Nikolić, of the Serbian Radical Party, sealing the future reform and EU-integration path of Serbia.	Staatspräsident war von 2004 bis 2012 der liberale, Europa zugewandte Reformer Boris Tadić.	The Liberal, facing Europe reformer Boris Tadicwas President from 2004 to 2012.
partially	6,830,812 telegrams were transmitted in 1869 producing revenue of £550,000.	Telegramme versandt und brachten einen Reinerlös von 550.000 £.	Telegrams sent and brought a net proceeds of 550,000 pounds.
partially	It was organized by Vuk Drašković's Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO).	Hunderttausend Demonstranten gingen vier Tage lang auf die Straße und protestierten unter der Führung der Partei von Vuk Drašković gegen das Milošević-Regime.	Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took four days to the streets and protested against the Milošević regime under the leadership of Vuk Drašković's Party.
partially	Stone said: "A positive mental attitude is necessary for achieving worthwhile success.	Darüber hinaus propagierte Stone die Lebens- und Geschäftsart der positiven Geisteshaltung in seinen Büchern.	In addition, stone advocated the life and business kind of positive attitude in his books.
partially	In this case the far point is behind the eye in virtual space, rather than in front of the eye.	Daraus ergibt sich, dass der Fernpunkt bei Normal- und Kurzsichtigen ein reeller und bei Weitsichtigen ein virtueller Punkt ist.	Arises, that of Gazzard at normal and short-sighted a reeller and at far-sighted is a virtual point.
partially	The shortest player ever to play in the NBA, the 5 ft 3 in (1.60 m) Bogues played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the National Basketball Association.	Tyrone Curtis „Muggsy“ Bogues (* 9. Januar 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland, USA) ist ein ehemaliger US-amerikanischer Basketballspieler, der 14 Saisons lang in der NBA als Point Guard eingesetzt wurde.	Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (* January 9 , 1965 in Baltimore, Maryland, United States) is a retired American professional basketball playerfor 14 seasons as an NBA Point Guard .
partially	They are called commonly pink-tongued lizards in Australia, where true lizards (Lacertidae) do not naturally occur.	Der Schneckenskink kommt im östlichen Australien vor.	The worm skink occurs in the Eastern Australia.
partially	The Autonomous Principality became an internationally recognized independent country following the Russo-Turkish War in 1878.	Erst mit den Ergebnissen des Berliner Kongresses, 1878, wurde Serbien ein unabhängiger Staat.	Only with the results of the Berlin Congress, 1878, Serbia was State an independent .
partially	Best known for his time with the Charlotte Hornets, he also played for the Washington Bullets, the Golden State Warriors, and the Toronto Raptors, and later served as head coach of the now-defunct WNBA team Charlotte Sting.	Er spielte im Laufe seiner Karriere für vier Mannschaften und hatte bei den Charlotte Hornets am meisten Erfolg.	He played in his career for four teams and had the most success with the Charlotte Hornets .
partially	The Schweizer 330 and 333 are turbine-powered developments of the Schweizer 300 light piston-powered helicopter.	Die Schweizer 333 ist ein viersitziger, einmotoriger Hubschrauber der US-amerikanischen Firma Schweizer Aircraft Corporation mit Turbinenantrieb.	The Swiss 333 is a four-seater, single-engine helicopter of the U.S. company Schweizer Aircraft Corporation with turbine drive.
partially	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Trotzdem wurde diese Theorie akzeptiert und Gesetz.	However, this theory was accepted and law.
partially	A Stabilisation and Association Agreement (SAA) was signed in 2008 and is expected to enter into force in 2011.	Serbien ratifizierte im September 2008 einseitig das vorläufige Stabilisierungs- und Assoziierungsabkommen mit der EU, da sich die Niederlande gegen eine Ratifizierung von Seiten der EU widersetzten.	Serbia ratified the preliminary stabilisation and association agreement in September 2008 on one side with the EU, as opposed to the Netherlands against a ratification by the EU.
partially	In March 1989 this was done, removing autonomy from Vojvodina and Kosovo, which caused great unrest in Kosovo On 28 June 1989 Slobodan Milošević made what became known as the Gazimestan Speech which was the centrepiece of a day-long event, attended by ...	Auf Betreiben des serbischen Präsidenten Slobodan Milošević beschloss das serbische Parlament im Rahmen der Antibürokratischen Revolution 1989, den Status des Kosovo als autonome Provinz aufzuheben.	At the instigation of the Serbian President Slobodan Milošević decided the Serbian Parliament in the framework of the Antibürokratischen revolution 1989, to revoke the status of Kosovo as an autonomous province.
partially	In 1077 AD, Duklja became the first Serbian Kingdom, under Michael I, the "ruler of Tribals and Serbs".[better source needed]	Der Papst, der nach dem Schisma von 1054 Interesse daran hatte, die Herrscher an den Rändern seines Einflussgebietes für sich zu gewinnen, ernannte Mihailo zum ersten serbischen König (1077) und machte somit sein Land Duklja zum ersten anerkannten ser...	The Pope, who had interest in after the schism of 1054, the edges of his territory for themselves to gain the ruler, Mihailo was appointed the first Serbian King (1077) and making his country Duklja to the first recognized Serbian monarchy.
partially	He went on to play four years at Wake Forest University, averaging 11.3 points, 8.4 assists and 3.1 steals per game in his junior year.	In den darauffolgenden Jahren spielte Bogues erfolgreich Basketball an der Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	In the following years, Bogues successfully played basketball at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
partially	On 25 Nov 1988 the Yugoslav National Assembly granted Serbia the right to change its constitution.	Schon am 25. November beschloss die Volksversammlung der Vojvodina die Vereinigung mit Serbien, am 29. November folgte dem die Nationalversammlung Montenegros.	On November 25, the people's Assembly of Vojvodina Union with Serbia decided on 29 November, the National Assembly of Montenegrowas followed by the.
partially	In 1807 Suwałki became part of the newly formed Duchy of Warsaw and one of the centres of the department of Łomża.	Bei der Dritten Teilung Polens kam Suwałki zu Preußen, wurde 1807 mit dem Herzogtum Warschau vereinigt und kam gemeinsam mit „Kongresspolen“ 1815 zum russischen Zarenreich.	During the third partition of Poland , Suwałki passed to Prussia, was United with the Duchy of Warsaw in 1807 and 1815 came to the Russian Empiretogether with "Congress Poland".
partially	Services to Mülheim and Velbert were carried out from Kettwig Stausee railway station instead, and only a single bridge connecting the line to Düsseldorf was ever constructed after World War II.	Im Jahr 1926 wurde nach einer Bauzeit von mehr als 13 Jahren die Niederbergbahn von Kettwig Stausee über Heiligenhaus nach Velbert fertiggestellt und gleichzeitig eine dritte Brücke mit dem Bahnhof verbunden.	In 1926, after a construction period of more than 13 years the low mountain railway reservoir via Heiligenhaus completed by Kettwig to Velbert and at the same time a third Bridge connected to the station.
partially	The BME was integrated into the state railways of Prussia in 1882, and in 1887 a second track was built between Kettwig and Werden.	1887 wurde eine zweite Strecke in Richtung Werden mit separater Ruhrquerung gebaut.	a second line in the direction of be with separate Ruhr crossing was built in 1887.
partially	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Die Osmanen eroberten Serbien unter dem Vorwand, dem Land Ordnung zu bringen, bis sich die politische Lage in Serbien stabilisiert hätte.	The Ottoman Empire conquered Serbia under the pretext of bringing order to the country, to stabilize the political situation in Serbia would have.
partially	In 1989, President George H. W. Bush appointed him Deputy Secretary of State (the Department's second-ranking position); he also served as the President's primary advisor for affairs relating to the quickly disintegrating Yugoslavia.	Er diente diesem Präsidenten als erster Berater für Angelegenheiten bezüglich der Zerfallsprozesse des Staats Jugoslawien.	He served this President as first Adviser for matters relating to the decay processes of the State of Yugoslavia.
partially	In 1908 he hawked newspapers on the South Side of Chicago, while his mother worked as a dressmaker.	Er begann seine Karriere im Alter von sechs Jahren, als er durch Austragen von Zeitungen seine Mutter finanziell unterstützte.	He began his career at the age of six years, he financially supported his mother by carrying out of newspapers.
partially	It was released as the second single from the album Sorry for Party Rocking (2011).	Das Stück wurde in Deutschland am 27. Mai 2011 veröffentlicht und entstand als Zusammenarbeit LMFAOs mit der Sängerin Natalia Kills.	The piece was released in Germany on May 27, 2011 and emerged as cooperation of LMFAOs with the singer Natalia Kills.
partially	The Federal government formally took possession of Fort Sumter on February 22, 1865 with a flag raising ceremony.	Am 17. Februar 1865 wurde die Insel von Unionstruppen unter General William Tecumseh Sherman formell in Besitz genommen.	On February 17, 1865 the island began, formally William Tecumseh Sherman by Union troops under General owned.
partially	In the interbellum, Suwałki became an autonomous town within the Białystok Voivodeship (1919-1939).	Seit 1919 gehört Suwałki zur Zweiten Polnischen Republik.	Since 1919, Suwałki belonged to the Second Polish Republic.
partially	The Entente promised the territories of Srem, Bačka, Baranja, eastern Slavonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and eastern Dalmatia to Serbia as a reward after the war.	Edward Grey übermittelte am 3. Mai 1915 der serbischen Regierung die Note, dass der Sieg der Entente Serbien zumindest um Bosnien und Herzegowina, sowie in einem breiten Zugang zur Adria in Dalmatien vergrößern würde.	Edward Grey the note sent on May 3, 1915 the Serbian Government that the Entente's victory would increase Serbia at least to Bosnia and Herzegovina as well as in a wide access to the Adriatic Sea in Dalmatia.
partially	LMFAO join the dance-floor and the video alternates between shots of the dancers and shots of Natalia Kills.	Das Stück wurde in Deutschland am 27. Mai 2011 veröffentlicht und entstand als Zusammenarbeit LMFAOs mit der Sängerin Natalia Kills.	The piece was released in Germany on May 27, 2011 and emerged as cooperation of LMFAOs with the singer Natalia Kills.
partially	From 1876 to 1897, Fort Sumter was used only as an unmanned lighthouse station.	Als einzige Nutzung der Insel blieb der seit 1855 bestehende Leuchtturm.	Only use of the island existed since 1855 Lighthouseremained.
partially	All juveniles are marked with pronounced black cross bands on a very light grey ground colour.	Sie haben eine Geburtsgröße von 6 bis 10 cm und weisen eine schwarze Querbänderung auf hellbraunem bis rötlichem Grund auf.	You have a birth size 6 to 10 inches and have a black cross bands on light brown to reddish base.
partially	The Austro-Hungarian army invaded Serbia capturing the capital Belgrade on 2 December 1914, however the Serbian Army successfully defended the country, won several victories, and on 15 December 1914 recaptured Belgrade.	In drei Offensiven der österreichisch-ungarischen Armee gegen Serbien im August, September und November/Dezember 1914 versuchte das Habsburgerreich das an Soldaten und Ressourcen weit schwächere Serbien niederzuwerfen.	In three offensives of the Austro-Hungarian army against Serbia in August, September and November/December 1914, the Habsburg empire tried to throw down the soldiers and resources far weaker Serbia.
partially	Stone dropped out of high school to sell insurance full-time.	Stone brachte es durch den Verkauf von Unfallversicherungen zu Ansehen in der Branche.	Stone was standing in the industry through the sale of accident insurance.
partially	Bogues appeared in the movie Space Jam, as one of five NBA players (along with Charles Barkley, Shawn Bradley, Larry Johnson, and Patrick Ewing) whose playing ability is stolen by the villainous Monstars.	Im selben Jahr spielte Bogues in dem Animationsfilm Space Jam mit.	In the same year Bogues appeared in the animated film Space Jam .
partially	He was the living example of the proverbial rags-to-riches protagonist in Horatio Alger's stories he loved so much.	Er wurde in die „Horatio Alger Gemeinschaft berühmter Amerikaner“ aufgenommen und war Freimaurer im 33. Grad.	He was in the "Horatio Alger community of famous American" recorded and was Mason in the 33rd degree.
partially	Stone contributed up to $10 million to President Richard Nixon's election campaigns in 1968 and 1972; these were cited in Congressional debates after Watergate to institute campaign spending limits.	Dies trug dazu bei, dass der Kongress nach der Watergate-Affäre ein Spendenlimit von 2500 $ festsetzte.	This contributed to the fact that the Congress after the Watergate scandal a donations limit of $2500 set.
partially	In this case the far point is behind the eye in virtual space, rather than in front of the eye.	Er liegt beim emmetropen (normalsichtigen) Auge im Unendlichen, beim myopen (kurzsichtigen) vor der Netzhaut des Auges und beim hyperopen dahinter.	It is located near the emmetropen (normalsichtigen) eye in the infinite, at the myopen (short-sighted) front of the retina of the eye and the hyper open behind it.
partially	He made steady progress scoring some championship points, His best result was in the Portuguese Grand Prix in 10th place, improving his championship standing to 17th place with 23 points.	Mit einer Vorjahres-Werks-Honda fuhr Cortese 23 Punkte ein und steigerte sich auf den 17. Platz in der Endabrechnung.	With a previous year-plantHonda Cortese went up 23 points and increased on the 17th place in the final.
partially	The writer William Donaldson observed that, having initially been coined in the 1920s, the term was applied in the 1990s to describe "a young woman of noticeable 'sex appeal' who occupied herself by shoe shopping and party-going."	Mit „It“, dem „gewissen Etwas“, sind Sexappeal, Ausstrahlung und Auftreten (vgl.	With "It", that "certain something", sex appeal, appearance and demeanor are (cf.
partially	During the later stages of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 the town was briefly captured by the Red Army.	Lediglich während der nationalsozialistischen Besetzung gehörte Suwałki zwischen 1939 und 1944 als Hauptstadt des Landkreises Sudauen verwaltungsrechtlich zu Ostpreußen.	Only during the Nazi occupation, Suwałki belonged administratively to East Prussiabetween 1939 and 1944 as the capital of the Sudovia of district of .
partially	The Paramount Studios movie was planned as a special showcase for its popular star Clara Bow, and her spectacular performance introduced the term "It" to the cultural lexicon.	Die Bezeichnung „It girl“ kam zum ersten Mal in den USA für den Stummfilm-Star Clara Bow auf („Amerikas erstes Sex-Symbol“), nachdem sie 1927 die Hauptrolle in dem Film It (deutscher Titel: Das gewisse Etwas) nach dem Erfolgsroman It von Elinor ...	The term "it girl" came for the first time in the United States for the silent film star Clara Bow on ("America's first sex symbol"), after she 1927 starred in the film it (German title: something) had played after the successful novel it by Elinor Glyn .
partially	At Kesselsdorf it was the wing led by the young Maurice that carried the Austrian lines and won his father Leopold's last campaign.	Nachdem er am Ersten Schlesischen Krieg teilgenommen hatte, hatte er die Gelegenheit, sich im Zweiten Schlesischen Krieg bei Hohenfriedberg, insbesondere aber bei Kesselsdorf auszuzeichnen, wo er als Führer des linken Flügels zum Sieg wesentlich beitrug.	After he had taken part in the first Silesian war , he had the opportunity to sit in the second Silesian war , downgraded, characterized in particular of Kesselsdorf , where he significantly contributed to the victory as the leader of the left wing.
partially	This poem featured the first painting by Jenny Nyström of this traditional Swedish mythical character which she turned into the white-bearded, red-capped friendly figure associated with Christmas ever since.	Der Nisse ist ein alter Mann mit einem weißen Bart, etwa so groß wie ein 10-jähriges Kind und trägt eine rote Mütze.	The results about the size of a 10th child is an old man with a white beard, and wears a red Cap.
partially	An Allison (later Rolls-Royce) 250-C20W turboshaft was derated to 165 kW (220 hp), giving the 330SP excellent hot and high performance, maintaining power output to 18,000 feet.	Als Triebwerk findet eine Rolls-Royce 250-C20W ohne FADEC Verwendung.	As the engine is a Rolls-Royce 250- C20W without FADEC system use.
partially	This point is called the far point of the eye.	Als Fernpunkt bezeichnet man den Endpunkt der Gesichtslinie, auf den das Auge ohne Akkommodation eingestellt ist.	Gazzard is the terminus of the face lineto the eye without accommodation is set.
partially	In the years of peace preceding the Seven Years' War, Moritz was employed by Frederick the Great in the colonization of the wastelands of Pomerania and the Oder Valley.	Nach dem Friedensschluss übertrug ihm Friedrich der Große die Urbarmachung und Kolonisation wüstliegender Landstriche an der Oder und in Pommern, unter anderem gründete er 1751 am Madüsee das nach ihm benannte Moritzfelde.	After the conclusion of the peace Frederick the great , the reclamation and colonisation lying desolate lands on the or and in Pomeraniaentrusted him with, among other things, he founded the Moritzfeldenamed after him in 1751 at the Miedwie.
partially	They inhabit fresh and brackish water in Australia and New Guinea.	Die natürlichen Lebensräume der Blauaugen sind klare oder teefarbene Gewässer, bei wenigen Arten auch brackige Mangrovenwälder.	Clear or teefarbene waters, a few species also brackish mangrove forestsare the natural habitats of the blue eyes.
partially	According to tradition, the tomte/nisse lives in the houses and barns of the farmstead, and secretly act as their guardian.	Nissen findet man traditionell in Häusern und Ställen.	Traditional houses and stables you will find nits.
partially	Nisse is a common name in Danish and the Scanian dialect in southernmost Sweden; as a nickname for Nils, and its usage in folklore comes from expressions such as Nisse god dräng ("Nisse good lad", cf.	Der Name Nisse ist eine Ableitung des Namens Niels, der dänischen Form für Nikolaus.	The name is a derivation of the name Niels, the Danish form for NicholasNISSE.
partially	Commonly known as a "pink-tongued skink", it is a relatively large lizard of up to 45 cm that has a slender body with a long, slender and slightly prehensile tail about the same length as the body.	Der Schneckenskink erreicht eine Länge von 40 cm, wobei der Schwanz etwa die Hälfte der Gesamtlänge ausmacht.	The worm skink reaches a length of 40 cm, which makes the tail about half of the total length.
partially	Since the 1990s, It Girl or It-Girl more commonly refers to an attractive young woman who receives intense media coverage unrelated or disproportional to her personal achievements.	Als It-Girl wird eine zumeist junge Frau bezeichnet, die durch stetige Medienpräsenz auffällt.	A mostly young woman called the It Girl , striking by constant media presence.
partially	Blue-eyes are small fish, typically no more than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.	Diese etwa fünf Zentimeter klein bleibenden Süß- oder Brackwasserfische kommen nur auf der Insel Neuguinea (Papua-Neuguinea, West Papua), auf den Aru-Inseln und in Australien vor.	These about five inches of small permanent freshwater or brackish water fish occur only on the island of New Guinea (Papua New Guinea, West Papua), the Aru Islands and Australia .
partially	Suwałki is located about 30 kilometres (19 miles) from the southwestern Lithuanian border.	Suwałki?/i [suˈvawki], (deutsch Suwalken, von 1941–1944 Sudauen, litauisch Suvalkai), ist eine Stadt mit etwa 69.000 Einwohnern in Nordostpolen, in der Woiwodschaft Podlachien, etwa 120 Kilometer nördlich von Białystok und unweit der Grenze zu Lita...	Suwałki?/i [suˈvawki], (german Suwalken, from 1941-1944 Sudovia, Lithuanian Suvalkai), is a town with approximately 69,000 inhabitants in north-eastern Poland, in Podlaskie Voivodeship, about 120 kilometers north of Białystok , close to the border wit...
partially	"It Girl" is a term for a beautiful, stylish young woman who possesses sex appeal without flaunting her sexuality.	Als It-Girl wird eine zumeist junge Frau bezeichnet, die durch stetige Medienpräsenz auffällt.	A mostly young woman called the It Girl , striking by constant media presence.
partially	Suwałki [suˈvau̯kʲi] ( listen) (Lithuanian: Suvalkai, Yiddish: סואוואַלק) is a town in northeastern Poland with 69,210 inhabitants (2011).	Suwałki?/i [suˈvawki], (deutsch Suwalken, von 1941–1944 Sudauen, litauisch Suvalkai), ist eine Stadt mit etwa 69.000 Einwohnern in Nordostpolen, in der Woiwodschaft Podlachien, etwa 120 Kilometer nördlich von Białystok und unweit der Grenze zu Lita...	Suwałki?/i [suˈvawki], (german Suwalken, from 1941-1944 Sudovia, Lithuanian Suvalkai), is a town with approximately 69,000 inhabitants in north-eastern Poland, in Podlaskie Voivodeship, about 120 kilometers north of Białystok , close to the border wit...
partially	The tomte/nisse was often imagined as a small, elderly man (size varies from a few inches to about half the height of an adult man), often with a full beard; dressed in the traditional farmer garb, consisting of a pull-over woollen tunic belted at the wa...	Der Nisse ist ein alter Mann mit einem weißen Bart, etwa so groß wie ein 10-jähriges Kind und trägt eine rote Mütze.	The results about the size of a 10th child is an old man with a white beard, and wears a red Cap.
partially	"Champagne Showers" is a song performed by American electro recording duo LMFAO, featuring vocals from English singer-songwriter Natalia Kills.	Das Stück wurde in Deutschland am 27. Mai 2011 veröffentlicht und entstand als Zusammenarbeit LMFAOs mit der Sängerin Natalia Kills.	The piece was released in Germany on May 27, 2011 and emerged as cooperation of LMFAOs with the singer Natalia Kills.
partially	In visual perception, the far point is the point at which an object must be placed along the optical axis for its image to be focused on the retina when the eye is not accommodating.	Als Fernpunkt bezeichnet man den Endpunkt der Gesichtslinie, auf den das Auge ohne Akkommodation eingestellt ist.	Gazzard is the terminus of the face lineto the eye without accommodation is set.
partially	Cortese was born in Ochsenhausen, West Germany, as the son of an Italian father and a German mother.	Alessandro „Sandro“ Cortese (* 6. Januar 1990 in Ochsenhausen) ist ein deutscher Motorradrennfahrer.	Alessandro "Sandro" Cortese (* January 6 , 1990 in Ochsenhausen) is a German motorcycle racer.
partially	Also, on 29 November the National Assembly of Montenegro voted for union with Serbia, and two days later an assembly of leaders of Austria–Hungary's southern Slav regions voted to join the new State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs.	Aus Serbien, dem bis dahin unabhängigen Montenegro sowie den meisten südslawisch besiedelten Ländern Österreich-Ungarns entstand 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nannte.	The Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, called Yugoslavia in 1929 formed Serbia, the until then independent Montenegro and most South-Slav-populated countries of Austro-Hungarian Empire in 1918.
partially	Taking advantage of the resulting crisis, King Alexander I banned national political parties in 1929, assumed executive power, and renamed the country Yugoslavia.	Am Ende des Ersten Weltkrieges, 1918, ging das Königreich Serbien im Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen auf, das 1929 in das Königreich Jugoslawien umbenannt wurde.	At the end of the first world war, in 1918, the Kingdom went to Serbia in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , which was renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929.
partially	The 2008 season started poorly for him, finishing outside the top 8 at the first five races.	Zu Beginn der Saison behinderte ihn eine Verletzung, aber Cortese steigerte sich von Rennen zu Rennen.	At the beginning of the season, an injury disabled him, but Cortese increased from race to race.
partially	Serbia achieved its current borders after World War II, when it became a federal unit within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Mit dem Sieg der Jugoslawischen Volksbefreiungsarmee unter Josip Broz Tito wurde die Monarchie abgeschafft und 1945 der Grundstein für die Sozialistische Föderative Republik Jugoslawien der Nachkriegszeit gelegt.	With the victory of the Yugoslav people's Liberation Army under Josip Broz Tito , abolished the monarchy and in 1945 laid the foundation stone for the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia of the post-war period.
partially	The shortest player ever to play in the NBA, the 5 ft 3 in (1.60 m) Bogues played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the National Basketball Association.	Er spielte im Laufe seiner Karriere für vier Mannschaften und hatte bei den Charlotte Hornets am meisten Erfolg.	He played in his career for four teams and had the most success with the Charlotte Hornets .
partially	The Serbian realms disappeared by the mid-16th century, torn by domestic feuds, and Ottoman conquest.	Nach der Eroberung Serbiens durch die Osmanen 1459 verschwand Serbien als eigenständiges Land von der Landkarte.	After the conquest of Serbia by the Ottoman Empire in 1459, Serbia as a separate country from the map disappeared.
partially	The White Serbs, a Slavic people, specifically of the South Slavic subgroup, have their origins in the 5th to 7th century communities developed in Southeastern Europe (see Great Migration).	Dabei wird vor allem der Zeitraum vom Eintreffen der ersten slawischen Stämme in Südosteuropa im 6. Jahrhundert dargestellt.	This, especially the period is represented by the arrival of the first Slavic tribes in South Eastern Europe in the 6th century.
partially	On December 26, 1860, six days after South Carolina declared its secession, U.S. Army Major Robert Anderson abandoned the indefensible Fort Moultrie, spiking its large guns, burning its gun carriages, and taking its smaller cannon with him to be trained ...	Sechs Tage später zog Unionsmajor Robert Anderson auf eigene Initiative die Unionstruppen im Bereich von Charleston zusammen, und weil Fort Moultrie nicht gegen einen Angriff von der Landseite zu verteidigen war, verlegte er sie heimlich in das noch nic...	Six days later Union major Robert Anderson moved the Union forces in the area of Charleston on its own initiative, and because to defend Fort Moultrie not against an attack from the landward side, he moved it secretly in the still-unfinished Fort Sumter.
partially	The 28 June 1914 assassination of Austrian Crown Prince Franz Ferdinand in the Bosnian capital Sarajevo, by Gavrilo Princip, a member of Young Bosnia and one of seven assassins, served as a pretext for the Austrian declaration of war on Serbia on 28 July...	Trotz deutscher und britischer Vermittlungsversuche (Vorschlag einer Botschafterkonferenz und direkte Verhandlungen zwischen Russland und Österreich-Ungarn), erklärte Österreich-Ungarn Serbien am 28. Juli den Krieg.	Despite German and British mediation efforts (proposal of a Conference of ambassadors and direct negotiations between Russia and Austria-Hungary), Austria-Hungary, Serbia declared war on July 28.
partially	In 1922 a group of radio manufacturers formed the British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which was the sole organisation granted a broadcasting licence by the GPO.	Diese erste BBC wurde 1927 aufgelöst, als durch eine Royal Charter die ebenfalls GPO-lizenzierte British Broadcasting Corporation gegründet wurde.	This first BBC was dissolved in 1927, when the also GPO licensed British Broadcasting Corporation was founded by a Royal Charter.
partially	The station today sees regular service by Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn trains on the S6 line.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
partially	In 1968, the railway line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Essen was fully electrified, and on May 22, 1968 the first line of the Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn started calling at Kettwig.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
partially	For 2008 he rode a works Aprilia RSA 125.	Für die Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft 2008 bekam Sandro Cortese eine offizielle Werks-Aprilia, das gleiche Motorrad wie es Weltmeister Gábor Talmácsi zur Verfügung stand.	Sandro Cortese got an official factory Aprilia, the same bike as it was world champion Gábor Talmácsi at the disposal for the 2008 World Championship in motorcycle racing .
partially	Serbia became an occupied land.	Bis zum Dezember 1915 besetzten österreichisch-ungarische, deutsche und bulgarische Truppen ganz Serbien.	Until December 1915, Austro-Hungarian, German and Bulgarian troops occupied throughout Serbia.
partially	The team folded in January 2007.	Vom 3. August 2005 bis zur Auflösung der Mannschaft in 2007 war er Cheftrainer der Charlotte Sting in der Women’s National Basketball Association.	From August 3, 2005, until the dissolution of the team in 2007, he was head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association.
partially	Serbia remained a principality or kneževina (knjaževina), until 1882 when it became a Kingdom, during which the internal politics revolved largely around dynastic rivalry between the Obrenović and Karađorđević families.	1882 wurde das Fürstentum Serbien zum Königreich Serbien erhoben, das zunächst im Wesentlichen nur das heutige Zentralserbien umfasste.	in 1882, the Principality was raised Serbia to the Kingdom of Serbia comprising essentially only the present-day central Serbia .
partially	They marched into Ottoman territory in 1371 to attack the Turks, but they were too self-confident.	1371 besiegten die Osmanen die Serben in der Schlacht an der Marica (einem Fluss im heutigen Bulgarien).	in 1371, the Ottomans defeated the Serbs at the battle of Marica (a river in the present-day Bulgaria).
partially	In 1919, Stone built the Combined Insurance Company of America (a company providing accident and health insurance coverage) and by 1930 he had over a thousand agents selling insurance for him across the United States.	1930 beschäftigte seine Firma über 1.000 Außendienstmitarbeiter.	his company about 1,000 sales representatives employed in 1930.
partially	In 1919, Stone built the Combined Insurance Company of America (a company providing accident and health insurance coverage) and by 1930 he had over a thousand agents selling insurance for him across the United States.	Stone brachte es durch den Verkauf von Unfallversicherungen zu Ansehen in der Branche.	Stone was standing in the industry through the sale of accident insurance.
partially	The book Success Through a Positive Mental Attitude includes the following testimonial from the Rev. Robert H. Schuller on the inside front cover page: "Success Through A Positive Mental Attitude is one of the ten books that has most impacted my faith an...	1960 tat sich W. C. Stone mit Napoleon Hill zusammen, um das Buch „Erfolg durch positives Denken“ zu verfassen.	1960 W. C. Stone with Napoleon Hill teamed up to write the book "Success through positive thinking".
partially	Milosevic supporters gained control of three other constituent parts of Yugolslavia in what became known as the Anti-bureaucratic revolution, Vojvodina on 6 Oct 1988, Kosovo on 17 Nov 1988, and Montenegro on 11 Jan 1989.	Auf Betreiben des serbischen Präsidenten Slobodan Milošević beschloss das serbische Parlament im Rahmen der Antibürokratischen Revolution 1989, den Status des Kosovo als autonome Provinz aufzuheben.	At the instigation of the Serbian President Slobodan Milošević decided the Serbian Parliament in the framework of the Antibürokratischen revolution 1989, to revoke the status of Kosovo as an autonomous province.
partially	Serbia remained a principality or kneževina (knjaževina), until 1882 when it became a Kingdom, during which the internal politics revolved largely around dynastic rivalry between the Obrenović and Karađorđević families.	Nach dem Berliner Kongress wurde am 6. März 1882 das Königreich Serbien, mit König Milan I. proklamiert.	After the Congress of Berlin, the Kingdom of Serbia, with King was proclaimed on 6 March 1882 Milan I .
partially	Having contested every race since his Grand Prix début in 2005, Cortese won his first world title in the Moto3 class, in 2012.	In der Saison 2012 startet er auf einer KTM im Team Red Bull Ajo Motorsport in der Moto3-Klasse der Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft und wurde vorzeitig Weltmeister.	In the 2012 season , he starts on a KTM in the team Red Bull ajo Motorsport in the Moto3 class of the motorcycle World Championship and was world champion in advance.
partially	Serbia gained its autonomy from the Ottoman Empire in two uprisings in 1804 (led by Đorđe Petrović – Karađorđe) and 1815 (led by Miloš Obrenović), although Turkish troops continued to garrison the capital, Belgrade, until 1867.	Im Gefolge des Ersten und Zweiten Serbischen Aufstands Anfang des 19. Jahrhunderts entstand 1815 das Fürstentum Serbien, das aber noch dem Osmanischen Reich tributpflichtig war.	In the wake of the first and second Serbian uprising at the beginning of the 19th century, the Principality of Serbia, which was still the Ottoman tributary was formed in 1815.
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Zehn Jahre nach dem Tod Titos brach Jugoslawien ab den 1990er in den Jugoslawienkriegen wieder auseinander.	Ten years after the death of Tito's Yugoslavia broke apart again from the 1990s Yugoslavia wars .
partially	He died in December 1355 at the age 47.	Das Serbische Großreich zerfiel nach dem Tod des Kaisers Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan, 1355, in mehrere unabhängige Fürstentümer, die sich in der Folge teilweise gegenseitig befehdeten.	The Serbian empire collapsed after the death of the Emperor Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan, 1355, in several independent principalities, the in which partially each other befehdeten.
partially	The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia broke up in 1991/1992 in a series of wars following the independence declarations of Slovenia and Croatia on 25 Jun 1991, and Bosnia and Herzegovina on 5 Mar 1992.	Während die Kriegshandlungen in Slowenien schon nach kurzer Zeit eingestellt wurden und Slowenien unabhängig wurde, entbrannte in Kroatien ein Bürgerkrieg.	While the hostilities in Slovenia were discontinued after a short time and Slovenia became independent, a civil war broke out in Croatia.
partially	He stayed in this appointment until 1971; thereafter he took on several positions, including advisor to the U.S. Mission to NATO in Brussels, and, following Kissinger's appointment as Secretary of State, a number of additional posts in the State Departme...	Als Kissinger zum Außenminister berufen wurde, folgte ihm Eagleburger auf eine Reihe weiterer Posten im State Departement.	Kissinger was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs, Eagleburger succeeded on a number of other items in the State Department of.
partially	Belgrade was captured by German forces on 13 April 1941, and four days later on 17 April 1941 the Royal Yugosavian Army surrendered unconditionally.	Im Zweiten Weltkrieg war Serbien nach dem deutschen Balkanfeldzug von 1941 bis 1944 ein Satellitenstaat unter der Kontrolle des Deutschen Reiches.	In the Second World War , Serbia was a satellite state under the control of the German Empireafter the German Balkans campaign from 1941 to 1944.
partially	The new FRY President Vojislav Koštunica was soon joined at the top of the domestic Serbian political scene by the Democratic Party's (DS) Zoran Đinđić, who was elected Prime Minister of Serbia at the head of the DOS ticket in December's republican e...	Bei den Parlamentswahlen im Dezember 2000 errang die DOS eine Zweidrittelmehrheit im Parlament.	In the parliamentary election in December 2000, the DOS won a two-thirds majority in the Parliament.
partially	The fort is best known as the site upon which the shots that started the American Civil War were fired, at the Battle of Fort Sumter on April 12, 1861.	Das Eintreffen dieser Versorgungsschiffe war der Anlass für die konföderierte Truppen unter General Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, am 12. April 1861 um 4:30 Uhr von der passiven Belagerung zu Kampfhandlungen überzugehen.	The arrival of these supply ships was the occasion for the Confederate troops under general Pierre Gustave Toutant Beauregard, on April 12, 1861, from the passive siege combat operations at 4:30 to go.
partially	After realizing that Anderson's command would run out of food by April 15, 1861, President Lincoln ordered a fleet of ships, under the command of Gustavus V. Fox, to attempt entry into Charleston Harbor and supply Fort Sumter.	Die Lebensmittelvorräte der belagerten Unionstruppen reichten bis zum 15. April, Brennstoffe gingen schon vorher aus.	The food supplies of the besieged Union forces ranged on April 15 fuels were already.
partially	In March, 1945 the Ruhr bridges at Kettwig were destroyed by the German army.	Am 10. April 1945 wurden alle drei Brücken durch die deutsche Wehrmacht gesprengt, um von Norden heranrückende amerikanische Truppen aufzuhalten.	On 10 April 1945 all three bridges were blown up by the German Wehrmacht , to stop American troops advancing up from the North.
partially	After the devastating bombardment, both Major General Quincy A. Gillmore and Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren, now commanding the South Atlantic Blockading Squadron, determined to launch a boat assault on Fort Sumter for the night of September 8–9, 1863.	Eine Landungsoperation der Unionstruppen gegen Fort Sumter am 9. September wurde von General Beauregard abgewehrt.	A landing operation of Union troops against Fort Sumter on September 9 was averted by General Beauregard.
partially	A new massive concrete blockhouse-style installation was built in 1898 inside the original walls.	Im selben Jahr wurde mit dem Bau einer massiven Betonkonstruktion namens Battery Huger als Fundament für schwere Geschütze in den historischen Ruinen des Forts begonnen, die zwar in beiden Weltkriegen stets mit Truppen und Artillerie bemannt waren, jed...	In the same year Battery Huger was started with the construction of a massive concrete structure named as Foundation for heavy guns in the historic ruins of the Fort, while in two world wars always with troops and artillery were manned, but never were th...
different	The purpose of the Commission was to resolve unpaid Nazi-era insurance claims for survivors of the Holocaust.	1998 wurde er zum Präsidenten der Internationalen Kommission für Versicherungsansprüche aus der Holocaust-Zeit (ICHEIC) berufen.	in 1998, he was appointed the President of the International Commission for Holocaust era insurance claims (claims).
different	He finished the championship in 14th place with 66 points.	In der Endabrechnung der Meisterschaft konnte er die Plätze vier (2003) und zehn (2004) belegen.	In the final of the Championship he was four places (2003) and ten (2004).
different	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Damit wurde das Monopol des General Post Office auf alle Arten der elektronischen Kommunikation ausgeweitet.	Thus, the monopoly of the General Post Office has been extended to all forms of electronic communications.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Der letzte in entscheidende Schritt war 1912 die Übernahme der National Telephone Company, nach der nur noch wenige kleine Anbieter unabhängig vom General Post Office existierten.	The last crucial step was the acquisition of the national telephone company, after only a few small vendors existed independently of the General Post Office in 1912.
different	Serbia became an occupied land.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Dies war aber nur ein Vorwand, um Serbien als Provinz zu annektieren.	This was only a pretext to annex Serbia as a province.
different	Cortese eventually ended the season fourth in the championship.	(Stand: Saisonende 2014)	(Status: end of the 2014 season)
different	He went on to play four years at Wake Forest University, averaging 11.3 points, 8.4 assists and 3.1 steals per game in his junior year.	In seinem zweiten College-Jahr an der Wake Forest University hörte er auf zu wachsen.	In his second year of College at Wake Forest University, he ceased to grow.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Das General Post Office errichtete ein Netzwerk von Postämtern, auf denen Absender Sendungen aufgeben konnten.	The General Post Office built a network of post offices where senders could give up broadcasts.
different	The Kingdom of Serbia was proclaimed in 1217.	Nach dem Berliner Kongress wurde am 6. März 1882 das Königreich Serbien, mit König Milan I. proklamiert.	After the Congress of Berlin, the Kingdom of Serbia, with King was proclaimed on 6 March 1882 Milan I .
different	The Confederates, in the meantime, were strengthening Fort Sumter.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	There are about 20 cross bands from the neck to the tip of the tail, which run slightly backwards laterally.	Der Schneckenskink erreicht eine Länge von 40 cm, wobei der Schwanz etwa die Hälfte der Gesamtlänge ausmacht.	The worm skink reaches a length of 40 cm, which makes the tail about half of the total length.
different	After an initial honeymoon period in the wake of 5 October, DSS and the rest of DOS, led by Đinđić and his DS, found themselves increasingly at odds over the nature and pace of the governments' reform programs.	Milošević hatte sich zunächst zum Wahlsieger erklärt, musste aber nach mehrtägigen Streiks, Demonstrationen der Demokratischen Opposition Serbiens (DOS) und der Besetzung des Parlaments am 5. Oktober schließlich seine Niederlage eingestehen.	Milošević had initially declared the election winner, had to concede but after several days of strikes, demonstrations of the democratic opposition of Serbia (DOS) and the occupation of the Parliament on October 5 its defeat.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	Das britische General Post Office (GPO) wurde im Jahr 1660 offiziell von Charles II. gegründet.	The British General Post Office (GPO) was officially founded 1660 in the year of Charles II. .
different	He went on to play four years at Wake Forest University, averaging 11.3 points, 8.4 assists and 3.1 steals per game in his junior year.	In der Saison 1989/90 wurde er mit einem Schnitt von 9,4 Punkten, 10,7 Assists und 2 Steals pro Spiel zum Hornets-Spieler des Jahres gewählt.	In the 1989-90 season, he was elected the Hornets player of the year with a cut by 9.4 points, 10.7 assists, and 2 steals per game.
different	Socialist Yugoslavia was established as a federal state comprising six republics, from north to south: Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro and Macedonia and two autonomous regions within Serbia – Vojvodina and Kosovo.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	In 1885, Serbia was against the unification of Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia and attacked Bulgaria.	Zuerst wurde aber Bulgarien als Verbündeter für den neuen Angriff auf Serbien gewonnen.	First, Bulgaria won but as an ally for the new attack on Serbia.
different	Bogues was one of the most popular players in Hornets history, despite the fact that he never averaged more than 11.2 points per game in a season.	In der Saison 1989/90 wurde er mit einem Schnitt von 9,4 Punkten, 10,7 Assists und 2 Steals pro Spiel zum Hornets-Spieler des Jahres gewählt.	In the 1989-90 season, he was elected the Hornets player of the year with a cut by 9.4 points, 10.7 assists, and 2 steals per game.
different	Services to Mülheim and Velbert were carried out from Kettwig Stausee railway station instead, and only a single bridge connecting the line to Düsseldorf was ever constructed after World War II.	Züge aus Richtung Düsseldorf endeten an einem Behelfsbahnhof Pusch (heute Haltepunkt Kettwig Stausee).	Trains from the direction of Düsseldorf ended up at a makeshift station Pusch (today breakpoint Kettwig reservoir).
different	In 1968, the railway line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Essen was fully electrified, and on May 22, 1968 the first line of the Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn started calling at Kettwig.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
different	The assassination in March 2003 of the reforming Prime Minister, Zoran Đinđić was a major setback.	Im Januar 2001 wurde Zoran Đinđić zum neuen Ministerpräsidenten gewählt.	In January 2001, was Zoran Đinđić elected as the new Prime Minister.
different	The new prime minister was Mirko Cvetković, candidate of the Democratic Party.	Im Januar 2001 wurde Zoran Đinđić zum neuen Ministerpräsidenten gewählt.	In January 2001, was Zoran Đinđić elected as the new Prime Minister.
different	All post was transferred from the post office of origination to distribution points called sorting stations, and from there the post was then sent on for delivery to the receiver of the post.	Ursprünglich war das General Post Office ein Monopol für den Versand von Dingen von einem Versender zu einem Empfänger.	The General Post Office was originally a monopoly for the shipping of things from a consignor to a receiver.
different	He was born in Chicago, Illinois on May 4, 1902.	Er feierte seinen 100. Geburtstag im Mai 2002 mit einer Spende von 100.000 $ an die Universität von Illinois bei Chicago.	He celebrated his 100th birthday in May 2002 with a donation of $100,000 at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
different	Direct result of this was the establishment of the Serbian Orthodox Church in 1219.	Auf die Unterstützung der Kirche konnte er rechnen, da ihre Vertreter in ihm den großen Hoffnungsträger für eine Wiedervereinigung der serbisch-orthodoxen Gebiete sahen.	He could count on the support of the church because their representatives in him saw the great hopes of a reunion of the Serbian Orthodox areas.
different	Slavs formed Sklavinia beginning in the 6th century, out of which the First Serbian Principality of the Vlastimirovići emerged.	Im Gefolge des Ersten und Zweiten Serbischen Aufstands Anfang des 19. Jahrhunderts entstand 1815 das Fürstentum Serbien, das aber noch dem Osmanischen Reich tributpflichtig war.	In the wake of the first and second Serbian uprising at the beginning of the 19th century, the Principality of Serbia, which was still the Ottoman tributary was formed in 1815.
different	The constitution is Serbia's first as an independent state since the Kingdom of Serbia's 1903 constitution.	Erst mit den Ergebnissen des Berliner Kongresses, 1878, wurde Serbien ein unabhängiger Staat.	Only with the results of the Berlin Congress, 1878, Serbia was State an independent .
different	The S-Bahn line was renamed to S6 in 1974.	Seit 1968 bedient die S-Bahn Rhein-Ruhr mit der Linie S 6 den Haltepunkt.	Since 1968, the Rhine Ruhr S-Bahn line S 6 uses the breakpoint.
different	In 1817 Principality of Serbia was granted de facto independence from the Ottoman Empire.	Nach der Eroberung Serbiens durch die Osmanen 1459 verschwand Serbien als eigenständiges Land von der Landkarte.	After the conquest of Serbia by the Ottoman Empire in 1459, Serbia as a separate country from the map disappeared.
different	Fifty two Confederate soldiers were killed there during the remainder of the war.	Während der gesamten Auseinandersetzung wurden auf keiner Seite Menschen getötet.	During the entire conflict were killed on either side.
different	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
different	By 1863, 2,500 post offices were offering a savings service.	Diese Verteilerdienste wurden rechtlich als Arten elektronischer Postämter gewertet.	These distribution services were considered legally as types of electronic post offices.
different	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split off the telecommunications business to form the British Telecommunications corporation, leaving the Post Office corporation with the Royal Mail, parcels, Post Office Counters and National Giro businesses.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
different	The governed territory was called Serbia or the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia, and, besides German military administrators, it was also governed by the Serbian puppet governments first under Milan Aćimović and then under Serbian army ge...	Am 1. September 1941 proklamierte General Milan Nedić den Staat Serbien.	On September 1, 1941 proclaimed general Milan Nedić the State of Serbia.
different	In 1817 Principality of Serbia was granted de facto independence from the Ottoman Empire.	Darüber hinaus lagen Serbien, Rumänien und das Osmanische Reich.	In addition, Serbia, Romania and the Ottoman Empire were.
different	Before 5 October, even as opposition grew, Milošević continued to dominate the organs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (FRY) Government.	Milošević hatte sich zunächst zum Wahlsieger erklärt, musste aber nach mehrtägigen Streiks, Demonstrationen der Demokratischen Opposition Serbiens (DOS) und der Besetzung des Parlaments am 5. Oktober schließlich seine Niederlage eingestehen.	Milošević had initially declared the election winner, had to concede but after several days of strikes, demonstrations of the democratic opposition of Serbia (DOS) and the occupation of the Parliament on October 5 its defeat.
different	The private telegraph companies that already existed were bought out.	Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts wurden viele private Telegrafenfirmen in Großbritannien gegründet.	Mid-19th century were founded several private telegraph companies in the UK.
different	The Balkan wars 1912–13, terminated the Turkish domination in the Balkans.	Die geplante Verbindung der osmanischen und bosnischen Bahnen wurde jedoch aufgrund der Balkankriege nie vollendet und der Sandschak wurde 1912 zwischen Serbien und Montenegro aufgeteilt.	The planned connection of the Ottoman and Bosnian railways was never completed due to the Balkan wars and the Sanjak was divided between Serbia and Montenegro in 1912.
different	For the 2011 season, Cortese moved to Dirk Heidolf's Racing Team Germany outfit, as a single-bike entry.	Am Ende der Saison 2011 erreichte Cortese mit 225 Punkten den vierten Gesamtrang in der 125-cm³-Weltmeisterschaft.	At the end of the 2011 season Cortese reached with 225 points ranked fourth overall in the 125-cm ³ - World Championship.
different	He went on to play four years at Wake Forest University, averaging 11.3 points, 8.4 assists and 3.1 steals per game in his junior year.	Ein Jahr später konnte er seinen Schnitt auf 15 Punkte, 9 Assist und 2 Steals pro Spiel verbessern.	A year later he was able to improve his average to 15 points, 9 assist and 2 steals per game.
different	The reformers, led by former Yugoslav President Vojislav Koštunica, have been unable to gain control of the Serbian presidency because three successive presidential elections have failed to produce the required 50% turnout.	Bei den Präsidentschaftswahlen am 24. September 2000 wurde Vojislav Koštunica zum Jugoslawischen Präsidenten gewählt.	In the presidential election on September 24, 2000, Vojislav Koštunica was elected to the Yugoslav President.
different	The constitution is Serbia's first as an independent state since the Kingdom of Serbia's 1903 constitution.	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
different	One of the Dahlgren guns was promptly placed in Fort Sumter.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	Stefan Dušan proclaimed the Serbian Empire in 1346.	Unter Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan (1331–1355), dem mächtigsten aller serbischen Herrscher, erreichte das Serbische Reich den Höhepunkt seines politischen Einflusses und seiner Ausdehnung.	See Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan (1331-1355), the most powerful of all Serbian rulers, the Serbian Empire reached the peak of its political influence and its extent.
different	This applied to telegraph and telephone switching stations.	Dieselben Grundsätze wurden bei der Telefonie, den drahtlosen Telegrafendiensten und im Mobilfunk angewandt.	The same principles were applied for telephone services, the wireless telegraph service and mobile phone .
different	The Thracians dominated Serbia before the Illyrian migration in the southwest.	Das Gebiet des heutigen Serbien war ursprünglich von Illyrern, Kelten, Thrakern und etwas später von Griechen besiedelt.	The territory of today's Serbia was settled originally by Celts, Illyrians, THRACIANS and later by Greeks .
different	The Kingdom of Serbia was proclaimed in 1217.	Das Königreich war der Nachfolgestaat des Fürstentums Serbien.	The Kingdom was the successor State of the Principality of Serbia.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	Die griechische Armee eroberte Saloniki, nachdem serbische Truppen die osmanischen in den Schlachten von Kumanovo (24.	The Greek army conquered Thessaloniki, after Serbian forces the Ottoman in the battle of Kumanovo (24.
different	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Erst gegen Ende des Krieges evakuierte die Armee der Südstaaten Charleston und Fort Sumter.	Only towards the end of the war, the army of the South Charleston and Fort Sumter were evacuated.
different	The barbette was also more exposed to enemy gunfire than the casemates in the two lower levels of the fort.	Alle fünf Seiten waren mit zwei Stockwerken Kasematten ausgestattet, die mit Kanonen bestückt wurden.	All five sites were equipped with two floors of Casemates , which were equipped with cannons.
different	Economic reforms had opened up the country, the living standard was at its peak, capitalism seemed to have entered the country and nobody thought that just a year later the first gunshots would be fired.	Nach seiner Enthebung und Pensionierung gab er an den Nachfolger der Führung der Balkanarmee den Ratschlag weiter, der ein Jahr später auch umgesetzt werden sollte:	After his retirement and retirement he passed on the advice of the leadership of the Balkan army to the successor, which should be implemented a year later:
different	After the battle there was no force in the Balkans capable of standing up to the Ottoman Turks.	Die griechische Armee eroberte Saloniki, nachdem serbische Truppen die osmanischen in den Schlachten von Kumanovo (24.	The Greek army conquered Thessaloniki, after Serbian forces the Ottoman in the battle of Kumanovo (24.
different	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	None of these three states favored the policy pursued by Alexander I.	Den Oberbefehl übernahm der Thronfolger Prinz Alexander I.,	The heir to the throne Prince took over the command of Alexander I,.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Damit wurde das Monopol des General Post Office auf alle Arten der elektronischen Kommunikation ausgeweitet.	Thus, the monopoly of the General Post Office has been extended to all forms of electronic communications.
different	Eventually, Murad's son Bayezid I retreated the rest of his troops from the battlefield, so it was the Serbian victory.	Dies war auch Lazars Witwe Milica klar und deshalb blieb ihr nichts anderes übrig, als sich den Forderungen von Murads Sohn und Nachfolger Bayezid I. nach Unterwerfung zu beugen.	This was also Lazar widow Milica clear and therefore nothing more left than after submission to the demands by Murad's son and successor, Bayezid I .
different	From 1876 to 1897, Fort Sumter was used only as an unmanned lighthouse station.	Fort Sumter kann ausschließlich per Boot von Charleston aus besichtigt werden.	Fort Sumter can be visited only by boat from Charleston out.
different	The constitution is Serbia's first as an independent state since the Kingdom of Serbia's 1903 constitution.	Das Königreich war der Nachfolgestaat des Fürstentums Serbien.	The Kingdom was the successor State of the Principality of Serbia.
different	Originally, the GPO was a monopoly covering the despatch of items from a specific sender to a specific receiver, which was to be of great importance when new forms of communication were invented.	Bei der Entstehung neuer Formen der Kommunikation in der Mitte des 19. und am Anfang des 20. Jahrhunderts beanspruchte das GPO die Monopolrechte ausgehend vom Argument, dass es hier um Transporte von einem Sender zu einem Empfänger ging.	With the emergence of new forms of communication in the middle of the 19th and at the beginning of the 20th century, the GPO claimed monopoly rights starting by the argument that this was to transport from a transmitter to a receiver .
different	In 1969, the Post Office Savings Bank was transferred to the Treasury, and renamed National Savings.	Im Jahr 1969 erfolgte die Überführung dieser Behörde in den neu gegründeten Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation.	The transfer of this authority in the newly formed state operating Post Office Corporationtook place in 1969.
different	The Balkan wars 1912–13, terminated the Turkish domination in the Balkans.	Die Offensive der Balkanstaaten begann am 17. Oktober 1912.	The offensive of the Balkans began on October 17, 1912.
different	Kettwig is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany on the Ruhr Valley Railway.	Er liegt an der Ruhrtalbahn zwischen Düsseldorf und Essen und wird regelmäßig von der Linie S 6 angefahren.	It is located between Düsseldorf and Essen on the Ruhr Valley Railway and is regularly approached by the line S 6 .
different	But, the Battle of Kosovo in 1389 was the turning point of the war between the Serbs and the Turks.	Diese Schlacht ist im Bewusstsein der Serben weniger präsent als die durch Legenden verklärte Schlacht auf dem Amselfeld (Kosovo Polje), war aber mindestens so entscheidend für das weitere Schicksal Serbiens.	This battle is in the consciousness of the Serbs of less as the battle of Kosovo transfigured by legends (Kosovo Polje), was but at least as decisive for the fate of Serbia's more.
different	In 1968, the railway line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Essen was fully electrified, and on May 22, 1968 the first line of the Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn started calling at Kettwig.	Er liegt an der Ruhrtalbahn zwischen Düsseldorf und Essen und wird regelmäßig von der Linie S 6 angefahren.	It is located between Düsseldorf and Essen on the Ruhr Valley Railway and is regularly approached by the line S 6 .
different	In the mid 19th century several private telegraph companies were established in the UK.	Die privaten Firmen wurden aufgekauft.	The private companies were bought.
different	Having contested every race since his Grand Prix début in 2005, Cortese won his first world title in the Moto3 class, in 2012.	2005 absolvierte Cortese seine erste komplette Saison in der 125-cm³-Klasse der Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft für das deutsche Team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing der Gebrüder Kiefer auf Honda.	2005 Cortese completed his first full season in the 125-cc class of the motorcycle World Championship for the German team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing brothers pine on Honda.
different	Stone ran $100 into millions with a strong desire to succeed and by putting into practice the principles in the book Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill.	1960 tat sich W. C. Stone mit Napoleon Hill zusammen, um das Buch „Erfolg durch positives Denken“ zu verfassen.	1960 W. C. Stone with Napoleon Hill teamed up to write the book "Success through positive thinking".
different	In 1817 Principality of Serbia was granted de facto independence from the Ottoman Empire.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	The video's introduction is quite similar to "Party Rock Anthem".	Das Lied war nicht ganz so erfolgreich wie der Vorgänger Party Rock Anthem.	The song was not as successful as its predecessor party rock anthem.
different	The Confederates, in the meantime, were strengthening Fort Sumter.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
different	There, Chesnut ordered the fort to open fire on Fort Sumter.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	On 12 March 2003, Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Đinđić was assassinated.	Im Januar 2001 wurde Zoran Đinđić zum neuen Ministerpräsidenten gewählt.	In January 2001, was Zoran Đinđić elected as the new Prime Minister.
different	In the same year Saint Sava published the first constitution in Serbia – Zakonopravilo (St.	Eine viel wichtigere Rolle für Stefans über 30-jährige Regierungszeit spielte aber sein jüngerer Bruder Rastko, der als der Heilige Sava von Serbien bekannt wurde.	His younger brother Umar, who became known as the Saint Sava of Serbia but played a much more important role for Stephen's over 30-year reign.
different	Instead of instating Časlav, the Bulgars annexed Serbia 924–927.	Nach Simeons Tod 927 kehrte Časlav als Befreier nach Serbien zurück.	927 returned after death of Simeon Časlav as liberators to Serbia.
different	He had a cameo appearance in the movie Juwanna Mann.	1996 hatte Muggsy Bogues einen Gastauftritt in dem Sportfilm Eddie.	Muggsy Bogues had a guest appearance in the sports movie Eddiein 1996.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Nach der Eroberung Serbiens durch die Osmanen 1459 verschwand Serbien als eigenständiges Land von der Landkarte.	After the conquest of Serbia by the Ottoman Empire in 1459, Serbia as a separate country from the map disappeared.
different	A Postmaster General was initially appointed by the Free State Government, being replaced by the office of Minister for Posts and Telegraphs in 1924.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
different	Travenbrück is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	In der Liste der Kulturdenkmale in Travenbrück stehen die in der Denkmalliste des Landes Schleswig-Holstein eingetragenen Kulturdenkmale.	In the list of cultural monuments in Travenbrück are the cultural monuments entered in the list of cultural monuments of Schleswig-Holstein.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	Das General Post Office zwang 1922 alle Elektronikhersteller, die Firma British Broadcasting Company (BBC) zu gründen, die unter GPO-Lizenz stand.	The General Post Office forced 1922 all electronics manufacturers to establish the company British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which was under GPO license.
different	He finished the championship in 14th place with 66 points.	Er belegte mit acht Punkten den 26. Rang in der Gesamtwertung der Weltmeisterschaft.	He finished ranked 26 in the world championship standings with eight points.
different	The Battle of Kosovo defined the fate of the medieval Serbia.	Diese Schlacht ist im Bewusstsein der Serben weniger präsent als die durch Legenden verklärte Schlacht auf dem Amselfeld (Kosovo Polje), war aber mindestens so entscheidend für das weitere Schicksal Serbiens.	This battle is in the consciousness of the Serbs of less as the battle of Kosovo transfigured by legends (Kosovo Polje), was but at least as decisive for the fate of Serbia's more.
different	In a letter delivered January 31, 1861, South Carolina Governor Pickens demanded of President Buchanan that he surrender Fort Sumter because," I regard that possession is not consistent with the dignity or safety of the State of South Carolina."	Im Januar 1861 wurde ein Versorgungsschiff der Union für Fort Sumter von der neuen Artilleriestellung an der Küste beschossen und musste abdrehen.	In January 1861, attacked a supply ship of the Union for Fort Sumter from the new artillery position on the coast, and had to turn down.
different	At night the fire from the fort stopped, but the Confederates still lobbed an occasional shell into Sumter.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Das General Post Office definierte alle Sendeanlagen als Sender und die einzelnen Empfänger als solche.	The General Post Office defined as transmitter and the single recipient as such all its broadcasting equipment.
different	After this battle Hungary ceased to be independent state and much of its former territory became part of the Ottoman Empire.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	In 1975, the familiar striped 'Post Office' lettering was introduced, which continues to be in use by Royal Mail.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Darüber hinaus lagen Serbien, Rumänien und das Osmanische Reich.	In addition, Serbia, Romania and the Ottoman Empire were.
different	Stefan Dušan proclaimed the Serbian Empire in 1346.	Dušan sich selbst zum Kaiser Serbiens und des Römerreichs (Imperator Rasciae et Romaniae) und ließ sich zu Ostern 1346 krönen.	Dušan itself become the Emperor of Serbia, and the Empire of the Romans (Imperator Rasciae et Romaniae) and had himself crowned at Easter in 1346.
different	This period was marked by the alternation of two dynasties descending from Đorđe Petrović—Karađorđe, leader of the First Serbian Uprising and Miloš Obrenović, leader of the Second Serbian Uprising.	1815 brach der Zweite Serbische Aufstand unter Miloš Obrenović, der das Haus Obrenović begründete, aus.	in 1815, the second Serbian uprising Miloš Obrenović, who founded the House of Obrenović , broke out.
different	The Telegraph Act 1868 granted the Postmaster-General the right to acquire inland telegraph companies in the United Kingdom and the Telegraph Act 1869 conferred on the Postmaster-General a monopoly in telegraphic communication in the UK.	Mitte des 19. Jahrhunderts wurden viele private Telegrafenfirmen in Großbritannien gegründet.	Mid-19th century were founded several private telegraph companies in the UK.
different	He died on September 3, 2002 in Evanston, Illinois.	William Clement Stone (* 4. Mai 1902 in Chicago; † 3. September 2002) war ein US-amerikanischer Unternehmer, Philanthrop und Autor im Bereich der Neugeist-Bewegung.	William Clement Stone (* 4 may 1902 in Chicago; died 3 September 2002) was an American entrepreneur, philanthropist and author in the field of the New thought movement.
different	Following the start of the Bosnian War on 1 April 1992 the JNA officially withdrew all its forces from Croatia and Bosnia in May 1992 and was formally dissolved on 20 May 1992 – its remnant forces being taken over by the new Federal Republic of Yugosla...	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
different	In 1957, Eagleburger joined the United States Foreign Service, and served in various posts in embassies, consulates, and the Department of State.	Als Kissinger zum Außenminister berufen wurde, folgte ihm Eagleburger auf eine Reihe weiterer Posten im State Departement.	Kissinger was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs, Eagleburger succeeded on a number of other items in the State Department of.
different	The team folded in January 2007.	Vom 3. August 2005 bis zum Januar 2007 war er Trainer der Charlotte Sting in der Women’s National Basketball Association.	From August 3, 2005 to January 2007, he was coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association.
different	This period was marked by the alternation of two dynasties descending from Đorđe Petrović—Karađorđe, leader of the First Serbian Uprising and Miloš Obrenović, leader of the Second Serbian Uprising.	Erst knappe 350 Jahre später gelang es den Serben unter Đorđe Petrović, genannt Karađorđe (schwarzer Georg) im Ersten Serbischen Aufstand (1804) weite Teile Serbiens zu befreien.	Only scarce 350 years later succeeded the Serbs under Đorđe Petrović, called in the first Serbian uprising to liberate Karađorđe (black George) (1804) large parts of Serbia.
different	The written information about the first dynasty ends with the death of Časlav.	Nach Simeons Tod 927 kehrte Časlav als Befreier nach Serbien zurück.	927 returned after death of Simeon Časlav as liberators to Serbia.
different	Construction began in 1829, and the structure was still unfinished in 1861, when the Civil War began.	Seine historische Bedeutung erlangte das Fort als Schauplatz der ersten militärischen Auseinandersetzung des Amerikanischen Bürgerkrieges, die am 12. April 1861 ab 4:30 Uhr begann.	Its historical importance became the Fort as the scene of the first military conflict of the American civil war, which began on April 12, 1861, starting at 4:30.
different	Two Barons in the Serbian region, Mrnjavčević brothers, gathered a large army to repel the Ottomans.	Die Mrnjavčevićs fielen in der Schlacht, Uroš V., der nicht teilgenommen hatte, starb unerwartet zwei Monate später.	The Mrnjavčevićs fell in the battle, Uroš v, who had not taken part died unexpectedly two months later.
different	Led by the Nemanjić dynasty, medieval Serbia reached its military, economic and legal climax.	Während des Nemanjiden-Reichs im 13. Jahrhundert kam es zu wichtigen Veränderungen in der sozialen Struktur des Staates.	In the 13th century it came to important changes in the social structure of the State during the nemanjić dynasty Empire.
different	The Miami Heat and Charlotte Hornets were set to enter the NBA for the 1988–89 NBA season.	Am 22. Juni 1988 wurde Bogues im Expansion Draft von den Charlotte Hornets genommen.	Bogues in the Expansion Draft by the Charlotte Hornets was taken on June 22, 1988.
different	April 12, 2011 marked the 150th Anniversary of the start of the Civil War.	Seine historische Bedeutung erlangte das Fort als Schauplatz der ersten militärischen Auseinandersetzung des Amerikanischen Bürgerkrieges, die am 12. April 1861 ab 4:30 Uhr begann.	Its historical importance became the Fort as the scene of the first military conflict of the American civil war, which began on April 12, 1861, starting at 4:30.
different	A new assembly of the province was elected in November 2001, which formed a government and chose a president in February 2002.	Im Januar 2001 wurde Zoran Đinđić zum neuen Ministerpräsidenten gewählt.	In January 2001, was Zoran Đinđić elected as the new Prime Minister.
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Am Ende des Ersten Weltkrieges, 1918, ging das Königreich Serbien im Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen auf, das 1929 in das Königreich Jugoslawien umbenannt wurde.	At the end of the first world war, in 1918, the Kingdom went to Serbia in the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , which was renamed the Kingdom of Yugoslavia in 1929.
different	In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.	Die Geschäfte der Post Office Corporation wurden später in die Royal Mail Group plc überführt, die 2001 gegründet wurde.	The business of the post office Corporation were transferred later in the Royal Mail Group plc , which was founded in 2001.
different	As a victor in the Balkan Wars in 1913, Serbia regained Vardar Macedonia, Kosovo and Raška (Old Serbia).	Im Streit um die Grenzziehung in Mazedonien griff Bulgarien, das seine Kräfte überschätzte, im Juni 1913 Serbien an, um ein fait accompli zu schaffen; der Zweite Balkankrieg begann.	In the dispute over the border in Macedonia, Bulgaria, which overestimated his powers, attacked Serbia in June 1913 to create a fait accompli ; the second Balkan war began.
different	In 1909 old age pensions were introduced, payable at post offices.	Im Jahr 1840 wurde die Penny Post eingeführt.	The penny post was introduced in 1840.
different	In the second half of 19th century, Serbia gained statehood as the Kingdom of Serbia.	Im Gefolge des Ersten und Zweiten Serbischen Aufstands Anfang des 19. Jahrhunderts entstand 1815 das Fürstentum Serbien, das aber noch dem Osmanischen Reich tributpflichtig war.	In the wake of the first and second Serbian uprising at the beginning of the 19th century, the Principality of Serbia, which was still the Ottoman tributary was formed in 1815.
different	In 2009, Cortese rode for the Finnish Ajo Motorsport team that took Di Meglio to his 125cc World Championship.	Beim Auftaktrennen der Saison 2009, dem Großen Preis von Katar in Losail wurde Cortese, mittlerweile auf einer 125-cm³-Derbi des Team Ajo Interwetten, in dem im Vorjahr der Franzose Mike Di Meglio Weltmeister geworden war, im nach vier Runden wegen Reg...	At the opening race of the 2009 season, the Grand Prix of Qatar at Losail Cortese, was meanwhile on a 125-cc-Derbi team ajo Interwetten, where last year the Frenchman Mike Di Meglio had become world champion, in the aborted race after four laps due to ra...
different	In 1982, Reagan appointed him as Undersecretary of State for Political Affairs (the State Department's third-ranking position), a position he held for several years.	Nach Nixons Rücktritt verließ er die Regierung, wurde aber schnell von Präsident Jimmy Carter zum Botschafter der Vereinigten Staaten in Jugoslawien berufen, eine Position, die er zwischen 1977 und 1980 innehatte.	After Nixon's resignation, he left the Government, a position he held between 1977 and 1980 appointed but quickly by President Jimmy Carter to the United States Ambassador to Yugoslavia.
different	In the same year Saint Sava published the first constitution in Serbia – Zakonopravilo (St.	Im selben Jahr kam Karađorđe nach Serbien zurück, jedoch wurde er auf Obrenovićs Befehl hin ermordet.	In the same year Karađorđe came back to Serbia, but he was murdered on his orders.
different	In 2006, he switched to the 2005 125cc Championship-winning team, Elit – Caffè Latte Honda as team mate to 125cc World Champion Thomas Lüthi.	2005 absolvierte Cortese seine erste komplette Saison in der 125-cm³-Klasse der Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft für das deutsche Team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing der Gebrüder Kiefer auf Honda.	2005 Cortese completed his first full season in the 125-cc class of the motorcycle World Championship for the German team Kiefer-Bos-Sotin Racing brothers pine on Honda.
different	Duklja then assumed domination over the Serbian lands between the 11th and 12th centuries under the Vojislavljević dynasty.	Im 12. Jahrhundert begann unter Stefan Nemanja eine der wichtigsten Perioden für das serbische Nationalbewusstsein.	In the 12th century, one of the most important periods for the Serbian national consciousness began under Stefan Nemanja .
different	In 1984 the Department of Posts and Telegraphs was replaced by the separate Irish state-owned companies An Post and Telecom Éireann.	Um 1870 wurde für die Telegrafenabteilung ein eigener Flügel angebaut.	A separate wing for the Telegraph Department was built around 1870.
different	In response to a signal rocket fired by the garrison, Fort Johnson and the Confederate warship CSS Chicora opened fire upon the boats and landing party.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
different	A new assembly of the province was elected in November 2001, which formed a government and chose a president in February 2002.	Schon am 25. November beschloss die Volksversammlung der Vojvodina die Vereinigung mit Serbien, am 29. November folgte dem die Nationalversammlung Montenegros.	On November 25, the people's Assembly of Vojvodina Union with Serbia decided on 29 November, the National Assembly of Montenegrowas followed by the.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Dies traf auf alle Telegrafen- und Telefonverteiler zu.	This applied to all Telegraph and telephone distribution.
different	After June 1999, Kosovo was made a United Nations protectorate, under the UN Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK) based in Priština.	Serbien erkennt diesen Beschluss nicht an und beruft sich dabei auf die Resolution 1244 des UN-Sicherheitsrats aus dem Jahr 1999, nach der das Kosovo Bestandteil der damaligen Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien unter UN-Verwaltung ist.	Serbia does not recognize this decision and invokes the resolution 1244 of the UN Security Council in 1999 after the Kosovo part of the former Federal Republic of Yugoslavia is under UN administration.
different	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split off the telecommunications business to form the British Telecommunications corporation, leaving the Post Office corporation with the Royal Mail, parcels, Post Office Counters and National Giro businesses.	Die British Telecommunications Corporation wurde 1984 zur British Telecommunications plc (heute BT Group) und privatisiert.	The British Telecommunications Corporation was in 1984 to the British Telecommunications plc (now BT Group) and privatized.
different	This led to a fatal weakening of central power and ties between the republics.	Serbien wurde politisch geschwächt.	Serbia has been weakened politically.
different	The DS and G17+ refused, and Koštunica had to resign on 8 March 2008, while also asking the President to dismiss the parliament and schedule pre-term parliamentary elections.	Er bat nach der Niederlage um seine Entlassung.	After the defeat, he asked for his dismissal.
different	However, after the war, idealist intellectuals gave way to politicians, and the most influential Croatian politicians opposed the new state right from the start.	Intellektuelle und Politiker der anderen Völker Jugoslawiens reagierten auf die Forderung aus Belgrad mit eigenen nationalen Programmen.	Intellectuals and politicians of the other peoples of Yugoslavia responded to the call from Belgrade with his own national programmes.
different	He graduated from P J Jacobs High School in Stevens Point, Wisconsin, then attended Stevens Point State College (now the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point), before earning his Bachelor's and Master's degrees from the University of Wisconsin–Madis...	Die Kriegsjahre verbrachte die Familie in Mississippi und in Seattle, 1946 ließ sie sich schließlich in Stevens Point in Wisconsin nieder.	The family in Mississippi and Seattle spent the years of the war, in 1946 she finally settled in Stevens point, Wisconsin.
different	During the struggle between the Ottoman Empire and Hungary, this Serb population performed an attempt of the restoration of the Serbian state.	Doch die Bedrohung durch die Osmanen verhinderte einen Machtkampf.	But the threat of the Ottoman Empire blocked a power struggle.
different	His coalition followed up with parliamentary elections in May.	Bei den Parlamentswahlen im Dezember 2000 errang die DOS eine Zweidrittelmehrheit im Parlament.	In the parliamentary election in December 2000, the DOS won a two-thirds majority in the Parliament.
different	The office of President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, held by Vojislav Koštunica, ceased to exist once Svetozar Marović was elected President of Serbia and Montenegro.	Bei den Präsidentschaftswahlen am 24. September 2000 wurde Vojislav Koštunica zum Jugoslawischen Präsidenten gewählt.	In the presidential election on September 24, 2000, Vojislav Koštunica was elected to the Yugoslav President.
different	British Telecommunications was converted to British Telecommunications plc in 1984, and was privatised.	Der British Telecommunications Act von 1981 spaltete die sogenannte British Telecommunications Corporation ab und ließ dem Post Office Telecommunications nur noch die Verantwortung über den Brief- und Paketdienst sowie den Betrieb der Postämter.	The British Telecommunications Act 1981 split the so-called British Telecommunications Corporation and left only the responsibility of mail and parcel service, as well as the operation of post offices the post office telecommunications.
different	At the 2004 Presidential election Boris Tadić, candidate of the Democratic Party won over Tomislav Nikolić, of the Serbian Radical Party, sealing the future reform and EU-integration path of Serbia.	Bei den Wahlen 2012 unterlag Tadić seinem Konkurrenten Tomislav Nikolić; dieser ist nun (Februar 2014) Staatspräsident.	In the 2012 election, Tadić was defeated by his opponent Tomislav Nikolić; This is now (February 2014) President.
different	These distribution services were considered in law as forms of electronic post offices.	Telegrafen in Übersee fielen nicht unter dieses Gesetz.	Telegraph overseas were not covered by this law.
different	In 1980 the telecommunications and postal sides were split prior to the splitting off of British Telecommunications into a totally separate publicly owned corporation the following year as a result of the British Telecommunications Act, 1981.	Die British Telecommunications Corporation wurde 1984 zur British Telecommunications plc (heute BT Group) und privatisiert.	The British Telecommunications Corporation was in 1984 to the British Telecommunications plc (now BT Group) and privatized.
different	Some Serbs sided once again with Austria.	der es ihm ermöglichte, den Großteil der serbischen Länder noch einmal zu vereinigen.	of him allowed once again to unite the majority of the Serbian States.
different	The Serbian realms disappeared by the mid-16th century, torn by domestic feuds, and Ottoman conquest.	Es blieb dies bis in das 16. Jahrhundert.	It remained so until the 16th century.
different	In modern Denmark, nisses are often seen as beardless, wearing grey and red woolens with a red cap.	Der Nisse ist ein alter Mann mit einem weißen Bart, etwa so groß wie ein 10-jähriges Kind und trägt eine rote Mütze.	The results about the size of a 10th child is an old man with a white beard, and wears a red Cap.
different	The S-Bahn line was renamed to S6 in 1974.	Der Bahnhof Kettwig ist ein S-Bahnhof im Essener Stadtteil Kettwig.	Kettwig station is an s-Bahn station in Essen Kettwig.
different	In that book, he tells of his early business life which started with the selling of newspapers in restaurants.	Darüber hinaus propagierte Stone die Lebens- und Geschäftsart der positiven Geisteshaltung in seinen Büchern.	In addition, stone advocated the life and business kind of positive attitude in his books.
different	One of the Dahlgren guns was promptly placed in Fort Sumter.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
different	In 1989, President George H. W. Bush appointed him Deputy Secretary of State (the Department's second-ranking position); he also served as the President's primary advisor for affairs relating to the quickly disintegrating Yugoslavia.	1982 berief ihn Präsident Ronald Reagan zum Staatssekretär für politische Angelegenheiten (Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs); diese dritthöchste Position im Außenministerium nahm er bis Mai 1984 ein.	in 1982, President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the Secretary of State for political affairs (Under Secretary of State for political affairs); He was the third-highest position in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs until May 1984.
different	After the unsuccessful boat assault, the bombardment recommenced and proceeded with varying degree of intensity, doing more damage to Fort Sumter until the end of the war.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	Dabei brachte der Vorstoß der 5. und 6. Armee die serbische Armee an den Rand der Niederlage.	While the advance brought the Serbian army to the brink of defeat of the 5th and 6th Army.
different	The Post Office began to introduce automatic switching, and replaced all of its 6,000 exchanges.	Das General Post Office definierte alle Sendeanlagen als Sender und die einzelnen Empfänger als solche.	The General Post Office defined as transmitter and the single recipient as such all its broadcasting equipment.
different	All post was transferred from the post office of origination to distribution points called sorting stations, and from there the post was then sent on for delivery to the receiver of the post.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
different	The museum at Fort Sumter focuses on the activities at the fort, including its construction and role during the Civil War.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	In 2003, it was reconstituted as a political union called the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro (SCG).	Seit dem Austritt Montenegros 2006 aus der Staatenunion Serbien und Montenegro ist Serbien erstmals seit 1918 wieder ein eigenständiger Staat.	Since the exit of Montenegro 2006 from the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro Serbia is an independent State for the first time since 1918 again.
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Das Territorium Serbiens vor dem Ersten Weltkrieg entfiel im neuen Staat auf fünf Banovine (Vardar, Morava, Zeta, Drina, Donau).	The territory of Serbia before the first world war in the new State accounted for five Banovine (Vardar, Morava, Zeta, Drina, Danube).
different	The Fort Sumter Flag became a popular patriotic symbol after Major Anderson returned North with it.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	The Confederates, in the meantime, were strengthening Fort Sumter.	Erst gegen Ende des Krieges evakuierte die Armee der Südstaaten Charleston und Fort Sumter.	Only towards the end of the war, the army of the South Charleston and Fort Sumter were evacuated.
different	In 1817 Principality of Serbia was granted de facto independence from the Ottoman Empire.	Durch den Berliner Kongress 1878 wurde die Unabhängigkeit des Fürstentums Serbien anerkannt.	The independence of the Principality of Serbia was recognized by the Berlin Congress of 1878.
different	The Confederates, in the meantime, were strengthening Fort Sumter.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	Bogues spent ten years in Charlotte as the Hornets, led by Alonzo Mourning and Larry Johnson, became one of the most popular teams in the NBA and a perennial playoff contender.	Bogues gehörte zu den beliebtesten Spielern der Liga und sein Hornets-Trikot mit der Nummer 1 war jahrelang ein Bestseller.	Bogues was one of the most popular players in the League and his Hornets Jersey with the number 1 was a bestseller for years.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Mit der Einnahme Smederevos 1459 wurde Serbien Teil des Osmanischen Reichs und hörte als Staat für mehrere Jahrhunderte auf zu existieren.	Taking Smederevos 1459 was Serbia part of the Ottoman Empire and stopped as a State for several centuries to exist.
different	In 1968, the railway line Düsseldorf-Kettwig-Essen was fully electrified, and on May 22, 1968 the first line of the Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn started calling at Kettwig.	Der Bahnhof Kettwig ist ein S-Bahnhof im Essener Stadtteil Kettwig.	Kettwig station is an s-Bahn station in Essen Kettwig.
different	He followed with a senior campaign in which he averaged 14.8 points, 9.5 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 2.4 steals per game.	In der Saison 1989/90 wurde er mit einem Schnitt von 9,4 Punkten, 10,7 Assists und 2 Steals pro Spiel zum Hornets-Spieler des Jahres gewählt.	In the 1989-90 season, he was elected the Hornets player of the year with a cut by 9.4 points, 10.7 assists, and 2 steals per game.
different	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Sie eröffneten das Feuer auf Fort Sumter.	They opened fire on Fort Sumter.
different	There, Chesnut ordered the fort to open fire on Fort Sumter.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	Interior View of Fort Sumter, taken by a Confederate photographer, 1864.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	Fort Sumter is a Third System masonry sea fort located in Charleston Harbor, South Carolina.	Erst gegen Ende des Krieges evakuierte die Armee der Südstaaten Charleston und Fort Sumter.	Only towards the end of the war, the army of the South Charleston and Fort Sumter were evacuated.
different	The station today sees regular service by Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn trains on the S6 line.	Der Bahnhof Kettwig ist ein S-Bahnhof im Essener Stadtteil Kettwig.	Kettwig station is an s-Bahn station in Essen Kettwig.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Doch die Bedrohung durch die Osmanen verhinderte einen Machtkampf.	But the threat of the Ottoman Empire blocked a power struggle.
different	He caused some discussion with public comments about President George W. Bush's foreign policy.	Er arbeitete unter den Präsidenten Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan und George H. W. Bush.	He worked under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
different	Age at sexual maturity is about 22 months.	Die Trächtigkeit dauert rund 5 Monate.	The gestation lasts about 5 months.
different	European powers, and Austria in particular, fought many wars against the Ottoman Empire, sometimes with assistance from Serbs.	Als die Habsburger die Osmanen aus Ungarn vertrieben (siehe Türkenkriege), wagten die Serben um 1689 nochmals einen Aufstand.	As the Habsburgs expelled from Hungary the Ottoman Empire (see Ottoman wars), dared the Serbs to 1689 again an uprising.
different	It thus became part of the constellation of European states and the first political parties were founded, thus giving new momentum to political life.	Damit wurden Fakten geschaffen, die kulturell und politisch bis heute fortwirken.	Thus, facts were created, culturally and politically linger to this day.
different	Having recuperated on Corfu the Serbian Army returned to combat on the Thessaloniki front together with other Entente forces.	Die griechische Armee eroberte Saloniki, nachdem serbische Truppen die osmanischen in den Schlachten von Kumanovo (24.	The Greek army conquered Thessaloniki, after Serbian forces the Ottoman in the battle of Kumanovo (24.
different	In 2011, he became the head coach of United Faith Christian Academy boys' high school basketball team in Charlotte, North Carolina after serving as an assistant to former head coach Shaun Wiseman.	Nachdem er nach Charlotte (North Carolina) umzog, konnte er seine Pass sowie Steal-Fähigkeiten verbessern.	After he moved to Charlotte, North Carolina , he could improve his pass and steal abilities.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Ursprünglich war das General Post Office ein Monopol für den Versand von Dingen von einem Versender zu einem Empfänger.	The General Post Office was originally a monopoly for the shipping of things from a consignor to a receiver.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	Diese Verteilerdienste wurden rechtlich als Arten elektronischer Postämter gewertet.	These distribution services were considered legally as types of electronic post offices.
different	A new massive concrete blockhouse-style installation was built in 1898 inside the original walls.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	During this war and after it, the Partisans killed many civilians who did not support their Communist ideals.	Dabei starben durch Hunger, Seuchen, feindliche Angriffe und die Übergriffe albanischer Partisanen viele der Fliehenden, Zivilisten wie Soldaten.	While many of the fleeing civilians as soldiers died due to hunger, disease, enemy attacks and the attacks of Albanian partisans.
different	Belgrade is believed to have been torn by 140 wars since Roman times.	Diese Kriegsziele wurden in einigen Schlüsselelementen hervorgehoben.	The objectives of this war have been highlighted in some key elements.
different	The government became the sole shareholder in Royal Mail Holdings plc and its subsidiary Post Office Ltd.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
different	Serbia became an occupied land.	Die sozialistische Republik Serbien wurde eine von sechs Teilrepubliken in Jugoslawien.	The Socialist Republic of Serbia became one of six constituent republics in Yugoslavia.
different	In 1996, Bogues had a film cameo at the end of Eddie in which Whoopi Goldberg's character flirts with him.	Der Film handelt von einem Fan (gespielt von Whoopi Goldberg), der durch einen Wettbewerb zum Coach der New York Knicks erklärt wird.	The film is about a fan (played by Whoopi Goldberg), through a competition to the coach of New York Knicks explains.
different	Seventeen Roman Emperors were born in present-day Serbia.	1882 wurde das Fürstentum Serbien zum Königreich Serbien erhoben, das zunächst im Wesentlichen nur das heutige Zentralserbien umfasste.	in 1882, the Principality was raised Serbia to the Kingdom of Serbia comprising essentially only the present-day central Serbia .
different	For the 2011 season, Cortese moved to Dirk Heidolf's Racing Team Germany outfit, as a single-bike entry.	Im Mai 2011 gründete er die Sandro Cortese Junior Bike Schule, in der er sich um Nachwuchsrennfahrer kümmert.	In May 2011, he founded the Sandro Cortese junior bike school, where he taking care of young racing driver.
different	The station today sees regular service by Rhein-Ruhr S-Bahn trains on the S6 line.	Züge der Linie S 6 verkehren auf den Gleisen 1 und 2, Gleis 3 wird für Überholungen und Museumsverkehr genutzt.	The S 6 line trains on tracks 1 and 2, track 3 is used for overhauls and museum services .
different	Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.	Das Banat war Teil der römischen Provinz Dakien.	The Banat was part of the Roman province of Dacia.
different	Serbia became an occupied land.	Das Land selbst war in den Kriegsjahren ausgeplündert worden, die Wirtschaft zerstört.	The land itself was plundered during the war years, destroyed the economy.
different	During the struggle between the Ottoman Empire and Hungary, this Serb population performed an attempt of the restoration of the Serbian state.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	Montenegro also lost territories to Albania and was then occupied by Italian troops.	Die Serben besetzten stattdessen im Juli 1915 das praktisch in Anarchie zurückgefallene Albanien, angeblich um italienischen Ambitionen zuvorzukommen, aber auch um einen eigenen Seezugang zu erhalten.	The Serbs occupied instead in July 1915 the Albania fallen into anarchy back to obtain supposedly to forestall Italian ambitions but also to private Lake access.
different	Dahlgren refused to place his sailors and marines under the command of an army officer, so two flotillas set out towards Fort Sumter that night.	Wegen widersprüchlicher Befehle fuhr das für Fort Sumter vorgesehene Kriegsschiff nach Florida, die beiden Schlepper kamen ebenfalls nie vor Charleston an, so dass drei unbewaffnete Frachtschiffe in der Nacht des 11. auf den 12. April alleine eintrafen...	Due to conflicting commands the warship provided for Fort Sumter sailed to Florida, the two tugs also never arrived off Charleston, so that three unarmed cargo ships in the night of 11 to 12 April arrived alone and could proceed without coverage not to t...
different	Following the breakup of Yugoslavia, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (FRY) was established in 1992 as a federation.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	Lazar's vassal Obilić killed the Ottoman sultan Murad I.	1438 begann Sultan Murad II., dessen Vasall Đurađ war, mit massiven Angriffen auf serbisches Territorium.	1438 began Sultan Murad II., whose vassal was Đurađ, with massive attacks on Serbian territory.
different	In 1661 the office of Postmaster General was created to oversee the GPO.	Das britische General Post Office (GPO) wurde im Jahr 1660 offiziell von Charles II. gegründet.	The British General Post Office (GPO) was officially founded 1660 in the year of Charles II. .
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Das Königreich war der Nachfolgestaat des Fürstentums Serbien.	The Kingdom was the successor State of the Principality of Serbia.
different	The two remaining republics of Yugoslavia, Serbia and Montenegro, formed on 28 April 1992 a new federation named Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	As a victor in the Balkan Wars in 1913, Serbia regained Vardar Macedonia, Kosovo and Raška (Old Serbia).	Im Frieden von Bukarest vom 10. August 1913 kam das heutige Mazedonien zu Serbien.	In the peace of Bucharest by August 10, 1913, the present-day Macedonia came to Serbia.
different	Lazar's vassal Obilić killed the Ottoman sultan Murad I.	So wurde auch Kraljević Marko, der Sohn von Vukašin Mrnjačević, zu einem Vasallen des osmanischen Sultans Murad I. Obwohl er für den Sultan kämpfte, wurde er eine der zentralen Figur der serbischen Folklore, die sich ihrem Beherrscher nur widerwill...	Thus, even Kraljević Marko, the son of Vukašin Mrnjačević became a vassal of the Ottoman Sultan Murad I Although he fought for the Sultan, he was one of the central character of Serbian folklore, which is subordinate to its controller only reluctantly.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	An diesen wiederum wurde 1890 im Zuge der weiteren Expansion das General Post Office North angebaut.	These in turn that was grown in 1890 in the course of further expansion General Post Office North .
different	Stefan Dušan proclaimed the Serbian Empire in 1346.	Das Serbische Großreich zerfiel nach dem Tod des Kaisers Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan, 1355, in mehrere unabhängige Fürstentümer, die sich in der Folge teilweise gegenseitig befehdeten.	The Serbian empire collapsed after the death of the Emperor Stefan Uroš IV. Dušan, 1355, in several independent principalities, the in which partially each other befehdeten.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	Die nächsten Jahrhunderte herrschten die Osmanen über Serbien.	The next few centuries the Ottomans ruled over Serbia.
different	He also achieved pole position in Italy, and finished seventh in the championship.	Er belegte mit acht Punkten den 26. Rang in der Gesamtwertung der Weltmeisterschaft.	He finished ranked 26 in the world championship standings with eight points.
different	The invasion led to a three-year-war, which ended in 842, with a decisive Serbian victory.	Das historische Hauptereignis des Jahres bildete die Russische Revolution vom 7. März 1917, die zu vielen geheimen und öffentlichen Vorschlägen zur Beendigung des Krieges zwischen den verfeindeten Staaten führte.	The historic main event of the year was the Russian Revolution by March 7, 1917, which led to many secret and public proposals to end the war between the warring States.
different	Having contested every race since his Grand Prix début in 2005, Cortese won his first world title in the Moto3 class, in 2012.	In der Moto3-Klasse, die 2012 die Achtelliter-Kategorie ablöste, gewann Sandro Cortese am 8. Juli 2012 als erster Deutscher seit 41 Jahren den Sachsenring-Grand-Prix und übernahm damit die Führung in der Weltmeisterschaft.	Moto3class, the 2012 which replaced cylinder category, Sandro Cortese won the Sachsenring GP on July 8, 2012 as the first German for 41 years and thus took over the lead in the World Championship.
different	The neck is well pronounced and the head is relatively large, wider in males than in females.	Während der Paarung verbeißt sich das Männchen in den Nacken oder unterhalb eines Vorderbeins des Weibchens.	During mating, the male in the neck or below a Forelimb of a female here.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	In Europa verbreitete sich das Gerücht über eine Niederlage der Osmanen.	In Europe spread the rumor about a defeat of the Ottoman Empire.
different	The first general post office in London opened in 1643, just 8 years after King Charles I legalized use of the royal posts for private correspondence.	Genau wie bei der Post war nun alles vom General Post Office unter der Royal Charter lizenziert.	Just like at the post, everything from the General Post Office, the Royal Charter was now licensed.
different	After Časlav's death, the realm crumbled; local nobles restored the control of each province.	Nach Simeons Tod 927 kehrte Časlav als Befreier nach Serbien zurück.	927 returned after death of Simeon Časlav as liberators to Serbia.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Die behördliche Verantwortung für die Telekommunikation wurde dem Post Office Telecommunications übertragen, das damit Nachfolger der GPO Telephones Division wurde.	The official telecommunications was responsible for the Post Office Telecommunications , which was successor of the GPO telephones Division .
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Diese Konkurrenz war sich sehr wohl der Tatsache bewusst, dass das General Post Office niemals eine solche gewähren würde.	This competition was aware that the General Post Office would never grant such very well the fact.
different	Previously, he had served in lesser capacities under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, and Ronald Reagan, and as Deputy Secretary of State under George H. W. Bush.	1982 berief ihn Präsident Ronald Reagan zum Staatssekretär für politische Angelegenheiten (Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs); diese dritthöchste Position im Außenministerium nahm er bis Mai 1984 ein.	in 1982, President Ronald Reagan appointed him to the Secretary of State for political affairs (Under Secretary of State for political affairs); He was the third-highest position in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs until May 1984.
different	He competed in the German ITM Championship in the 125cc class, finishing 10th.	Er belegte mit acht Punkten den 26. Rang in der Gesamtwertung der Weltmeisterschaft.	He finished ranked 26 in the world championship standings with eight points.
different	Bogues was one of the most popular players in Hornets history, despite the fact that he never averaged more than 11.2 points per game in a season.	Zudem hält Bogues den Hornets-Rekord für die meisten Assists in einer Saison (867 in der Saison 1989/90) und einem Spiel (19).	In addition, Bogues holds the Hornets record for the most assists in a season (867 in the season 1989/90) and a game (19).
different	Since leaving the NBA, Bogues worked in the real estate business until August 3, 2005, when he was named head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association despite a lack of coaching experience.	Seit seinem Ausstieg aus der NBA im Jahr 2001 war Bogues im Immobilien-Bereich tätig.	Since his exit from the NBA in 2001, Bogues worked in the real estate area.
different	The 1974 constitution produced a significantly less centralized federation, increasing the autonomy of Yugoslavia's republics as well as the autonomous provinces of Serbia.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	Kettwig is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany on the Ruhr Valley Railway.	Am Bahnhof Kettwig bestehen Umsteigemöglichkeiten zu den Buslinien 142 und 190 der Essener Verkehrs-AG.	Kettwig station interchanges are the bus lines 142 and 190 of the Essener Verkehrs-AG.
different	In late 1915, however, German generals were given control and invaded Serbia with Austrian and Bulgarian forces.	Die Städte erhielten Sonderrechte.	The cities were given special rights.
different	However the casualties and expenditure of munitions in the Balkan Wars left Serbia depleted and dependent on France for supplies.	Aus den Balkankriegen ging Serbien als politisch gestärkte Macht hervor.	Serbia emerged politically strengthened power of the Balkan wars.
different	On January 5, 2006, he participated in a meeting at the White House of former Secretaries of Defense and State to discuss United States foreign policy with Bush administration officials.	Nachdem Bush die Präsidentschaftswahlen im November 1992 verloren hatte, berief er Eagleburger zum Außenminister der Vereinigten Staaten.	After Bush lost the presidential election in November 1992, he Eagleburger was Secretary of State of the United States.
different	The office of President of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, held by Vojislav Koštunica, ceased to exist once Svetozar Marović was elected President of Serbia and Montenegro.	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
different	In February 2003, the Constitutional Charter was finally ratified by both republics, and the FRY Parliament and the name of the country was changed from Federal Republic of Yugoslavia to Serbia and Montenegro.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	Hemisphaeriodon gerrardii (pink-tongued skinks) is the only species in the genus Hemisphaeriodon, and closely related to the genus Cyclodomorphus, which contains some of the largest members of the skink family (Scincidae).	Tiliqua gerrardi)), auch Rosazungenskink oder Schnecken-Blauzungenskink genannt, ist eine große Skinkart aus dem östlichen Australien.	Tiliqua gerrardi)), also pink tongue skink or snails blue tongue skink , is a large skink species in Eastern Australia.
different	The Confederates, in the meantime, were strengthening Fort Sumter.	Die Bauarbeiten für beide Forts wurden 1829 begonnen.	The construction of both forts were started in 1829.
different	This was followed on 5 June 2006 by Serbia's declaration of independence, marking the final dissolution of the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, and the re-emergence of Serbia as an independent state, under its own name, for the first time since 1918.	Diese bestand bis 2003, seitdem bildeten diese beiden Republiken den Staatenbund Serbien und Montenegro, dessen Auflösung am 21. Mai 2006 durch das montenegrinische Unabhängigkeitsreferendum eingeleitet wurde.	This lasted until 2003, since these two republics formed the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro, whose Auflösung was initiated by the Montenegrin independence referendum on May 21, 2006.
different	Seventeen Roman Emperors were born in present-day Serbia.	Im Frieden von Bukarest vom 10. August 1913 kam das heutige Mazedonien zu Serbien.	In the peace of Bucharest by August 10, 1913, the present-day Macedonia came to Serbia.
different	A United States stamp of Fort Sumter, and first day cover, was issued that day.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	It evolved into a Grand Principality by the 11th century, and in 1217, the Kingdom and national church (Serbian Orthodox Church) were established, under the Nemanjići.	Im 11. Jahrhundert gab es das erste in größerem Rahmen anerkannte serbische Königtum unter Mihailo von Zeta.	In the 11th century, there was the first Serb Kingdom recognized broader under Mihailo of Zeta.
different	He died on September 3, 2002 in Evanston, Illinois.	Er feierte seinen 100. Geburtstag im Mai 2002 mit einer Spende von 100.000 $ an die Universität von Illinois bei Chicago.	He celebrated his 100th birthday in May 2002 with a donation of $100,000 at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
different	Although he was later traded to both the New York Knicks and Dallas Mavericks, he did not play a game for either team.	Der Film handelt von einem Fan (gespielt von Whoopi Goldberg), der durch einen Wettbewerb zum Coach der New York Knicks erklärt wird.	The film is about a fan (played by Whoopi Goldberg), through a competition to the coach of New York Knicks explains.
different	There, Chesnut ordered the fort to open fire on Fort Sumter.	Mitte August 1863 griffen sie Fort Wagner und Fort Sumter erneut an und zerstörten beide systematisch durch Artilleriebeschuss.	Mid August 1863 they again attacked Fort Wagner and Fort Sumter and systematically destroyed both by artillery fire.
different	When the Civil War ended, Fort Sumter was in ruins.	Diese beiden Männer gelten als erste Todesopfer des Sezessionskrieges.	These two men are regarded as first death victim of the civil war.
different	Belief had it that one could see which horse was the tomte's favourite as it would be especially healthy and well taken care of.	Der Nisse beschützt das Grundstück und kümmert sich insbesondere um die Haustiere.	The NISSE protects the land and especially cares for the pets.
different	Serbia achieved its current borders after World War II, when it became a federal unit within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Die südserbische Region Makedonien wurde von Serbien getrennt und bekam den Status einer eigenständigen Teilrepublik der Sozialistischen Föderativen Republik Jugoslawien.	The southern Serbian region of Macedonia was split from Serbia and got the status of an Autonomous Republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	As a victor in the Balkan Wars in 1913, Serbia regained Vardar Macedonia, Kosovo and Raška (Old Serbia).	Aus den Balkankriegen ging Serbien als politisch gestärkte Macht hervor.	Serbia emerged politically strengthened power of the Balkan wars.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	Ursprünglich war das General Post Office ein Monopol für den Versand von Dingen von einem Versender zu einem Empfänger.	The General Post Office was originally a monopoly for the shipping of things from a consignor to a receiver.
different	In 1969, the Post Office Savings Bank was transferred to the Treasury, and renamed National Savings.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
different	One of the Dahlgren guns was promptly placed in Fort Sumter.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	Serbia achieved its current borders after World War II, when it became a federal unit within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Nachdem die übrigen Teilrepubliken des alten Jugoslawien ihre Unabhängigkeit erklärt hatten, schlossen sich Serbien und Montenegro 1992 zur Bundesrepublik Jugoslawien zusammen.	After the remaining constituent republics of the former Yugoslavia had declared their independence, Serbia and Montenegro joined together in 1992 to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia .
different	Cortese made his 125cc World Championship debut with Kiefer-Bos-Castrol Honda in 2005, finishing the season in 26th place with 8 points.	Am Ende der Saison 2011 erreichte Cortese mit 225 Punkten den vierten Gesamtrang in der 125-cm³-Weltmeisterschaft.	At the end of the 2011 season Cortese reached with 225 points ranked fourth overall in the 125-cm ³ - World Championship.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	An diesen wiederum wurde 1890 im Zuge der weiteren Expansion das General Post Office North angebaut.	These in turn that was grown in 1890 in the course of further expansion General Post Office North .
different	In 1661 the office of Postmaster General was created to oversee the GPO.	Zur Verfolgung der Piratensender schuf das General Post Office eine Gruppe von Ermittlern mit Peilwagen.	To prosecute the pirate radio station, the General Post Office created a group of investigators with sounding car.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	1371 besiegten die Osmanen die Serben in der Schlacht an der Marica (einem Fluss im heutigen Bulgarien).	in 1371, the Ottomans defeated the Serbs at the battle of Marica (a river in the present-day Bulgaria).
different	He managed to unite several tribes into the Serbian Principality.	Für die Besetzung der serbischen Gebiete hatte der Befehlshaber der Balkanarmee Oskar Potiorek im Nachgang der Armeen spezielle Einheiten aufgestellt, die die serbischen Gebiete zu verwalten hatten.	For the occupation of Serbian territories of Oskar Potiorek Balkan Army Commander in the wake of the armies put up special units, who had to manage the Serbian areas.
different	He followed with a senior campaign in which he averaged 14.8 points, 9.5 assists, 3.8 rebounds and 2.4 steals per game.	In seiner Rookie-Saison konnte Bogues einen Schnitt von 5,0 Punkten, 5,1 Assists, 1,6 Steals und 1,7 Rebounds erzielen.	In his rookie season, Bogues was able to achieve an average of 5.0 points, 5.1 assists, 1.6 steals and 1.7 rebounds.
different	Starting in 1969, he served in the Nixon administration as an assistant to National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger.	Eagleburger galt als ein Vertrauter und Protegées von Henry Kissinger.	Eagleburger was considered a confidant and protégées of Henry Kissinger.
different	The Serbian army retreated across the Albanian mountain ranges to the Adriatic Sea by January 1916.	Die serbischen Armeen mussten trotz heftigen Widerstandes den Rückzug antreten.	The Serbian army had to retreat despite strong opposition.
different	During the Revolutions of 1848, the Serbs in the Austrian Empire proclaimed Serbian autonomous province known as Serbian Vojvodina.	Militante Serben und die Jugoslawische Volksarmee errichteten daraufhin die so genannte Serbische Autonome Provinz Krajina (SAO Krajina).	Militant Serbs and Yugoslav people's Army then built the so-called Serbian autonomous province of Krajina (SAO Krajina).
different	Parliamentary elections were held in the Republic of Serbia on 28 December 2003.	Bei den Parlamentswahlen im Dezember 2000 errang die DOS eine Zweidrittelmehrheit im Parlament.	In the parliamentary election in December 2000, the DOS won a two-thirds majority in the Parliament.
different	The new President of Montenegro is Filip Vujanović.	Montenegro wurde öffentlich am 24. Juli von der Nachricht des Ultimatums unterrichtet.	Montenegro was taught publicly on July 24 by the news of the ultimatum.
different	The General Post Office (GPO) was officially established in England in 1660 by Charles II and it eventually grew to combine the functions of state postal system and telecommunications carrier.	Die behördliche Verantwortung für die Telekommunikation wurde dem Post Office Telecommunications übertragen, das damit Nachfolger der GPO Telephones Division wurde.	The official telecommunications was responsible for the Post Office Telecommunications , which was successor of the GPO telephones Division .
different	Serbia had been in a state of political crisis since the overthrow of the post-communist ruler, Slobodan Milošević, in 2001.	Serbien wurde politisch geschwächt.	Serbia has been weakened politically.
different	Responsibility for telecommunications was given to Post Office Telecommunications, the successor of the GPO Telegraph and Telephones department, with its own separate budget and management.	1981 erfolgte dann eine Aufteilung in separate Post- und Telekommunikationsunternehmen.	in 1981 it was divided into separate postal and telecommunications companies.
different	Serbia officially applied for European Union membership on 22 December 2009.	Serbien bemüht sich seit der Demokratisierung im Jahr 2000 stärker um die Integration in die Europäische Union.	Serbia strives for the democratisation in the year 2000 more to the integration into the European Union.
different	The Balkan wars 1912–13, terminated the Turkish domination in the Balkans.	1912 vermittelte Russland ein Balkanbündnis zwischen Bulgarien, Griechenland und Serbien, dem sich auch Montenegro anschloss.	in 1912, Russia gave a Balkan Alliance between Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia, Montenegro joined the.
different	He caused some discussion with public comments about President George W. Bush's foreign policy.	1989 berief ihn Präsident Bush sen.	in 1989 he was appointed President Bush sen.
different	Serbia had been in a state of political crisis since the overthrow of the post-communist ruler, Slobodan Milošević, in 2001.	dazu, dass Slobodan Milošević am 29. Juni 2001 an den Internationalen Strafgerichtshof für das ehemalige Jugoslawien (ICTY) in Den Haag ausgeliefert wurde.	to do so, that Slobodan Milošević was delivered on June 29, 2001, at the the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) in the Hague.
different	Having contested every race since his Grand Prix début in 2005, Cortese won his first world title in the Moto3 class, in 2012.	Am 14. August 2011 fuhr er beim Großen Preis von Tschechien in Brünn seinen ersten Grand-Prix-Sieg ein, nachdem er zuvor 108 Rennen in der WM sieglos geblieben war.	On August 14, 2011 he took his first Grand Prix victory at the Grand Prix of the Czech Republic in Brno , after he previously was not 108 racing in the World Cup.
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Die Rückeroberung Serbiens und der Platz an der Seite der Siegermächte des Ersten Weltkrieges ermöglichten Serbien, am 1. Dezember 1918 das Königreich der Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen zu begründen, das sich ab 1929 Jugoslawien nennen sollte.	The conquest of Serbia and the space on the side of the victors of the first World War allowed Serbia on 1 December 1918 to establish the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , that Yugoslavia should call themselves from 1929.
different	Former President George H. W. Bush described Eagleburger as "a tireless patriot, principled to the core, selflessly devoted to America and his duty."	Er arbeitete unter den Präsidenten Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan und George H. W. Bush.	He worked under Presidents Richard Nixon, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush.
different	Named after General Thomas Sumter, Revolutionary War hero, Fort Sumter was built following the War of 1812, as one of a series of fortifications on the southern U.S. coast to protect the harbors.	Nach dem Krieg war Fort Sumter eine Ruine.	Fort Sumter was in ruins after the war.
different	The first general post office in London opened in 1643, just 8 years after King Charles I legalized use of the royal posts for private correspondence.	Das britische General Post Office (GPO) wurde im Jahr 1660 offiziell von Charles II. gegründet.	The British General Post Office (GPO) was officially founded 1660 in the year of Charles II. .
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Das General Post Office zwang 1922 alle Elektronikhersteller, die Firma British Broadcasting Company (BBC) zu gründen, die unter GPO-Lizenz stand.	The General Post Office forced 1922 all electronics manufacturers to establish the company British Broadcasting Company (BBC), which was under GPO license.
different	A successful Allied offensive in September 1918 secured first Bulgaria's surrender and then the liberation of the occupied Serbian territories (November 1918).	Nach der großen deutschen Frühjahrsoffensive auf Paris 1918, begannen die Verbündeten diese zuerst als unsinnig erachtete Idee ernst zu nehmen.	After the great Paris German spring offensive 1918, the allies started this idea first considered absurd to take seriously.
different	On August 23, 1992, James Baker resigned as Secretary of State (to manage Bush's unsuccessful re-election campaign), and Eagleburger served as Acting Secretary of State until Bush gave him a recess appointment for the remainder of the Bush administration.	Nachdem Bush die Präsidentschaftswahlen im November 1992 verloren hatte, berief er Eagleburger zum Außenminister der Vereinigten Staaten.	After Bush lost the presidential election in November 1992, he Eagleburger was Secretary of State of the United States.
different	In 1905, Kettwig was upgraded to a 1st class station, with express trains like the Essen to Basel service calling at the station.	Der Bahnhof Kettwig ist ein S-Bahnhof im Essener Stadtteil Kettwig.	Kettwig station is an s-Bahn station in Essen Kettwig.
different	Services to Mülheim and Velbert were carried out from Kettwig Stausee railway station instead, and only a single bridge connecting the line to Düsseldorf was ever constructed after World War II.	Züge von Mülheim endeten am Bahnhof Kettwig vor der Brücke.	Trains from Mülheim ended at the station of Kettwig before the bridge.
different	In 1909 old age pensions were introduced, payable at post offices.	Diese Verteilerdienste wurden rechtlich als Arten elektronischer Postämter gewertet.	These distribution services were considered legally as types of electronic post offices.
different	In 2009, Cortese rode for the Finnish Ajo Motorsport team that took Di Meglio to his 125cc World Championship.	In der Saison 2012 startet er auf einer KTM im Team Red Bull Ajo Motorsport in der Moto3-Klasse der Motorrad-Weltmeisterschaft und wurde vorzeitig Weltmeister.	In the 2012 season , he starts on a KTM in the team Red Bull ajo Motorsport in the Moto3 class of the motorcycle World Championship and was world champion in advance.
different	Named after General Thomas Sumter, Revolutionary War hero, Fort Sumter was built following the War of 1812, as one of a series of fortifications on the southern U.S. coast to protect the harbors.	Dort entstand Fort Sumter.	Fort Sumter was built there.
different	The General Post Office then licenced all existing telephone networks.	Das britische General Post Office (GPO) wurde im Jahr 1660 offiziell von Charles II. gegründet.	The British General Post Office (GPO) was officially founded 1660 in the year of Charles II. .
different	Over the 13th and 14th centuries, it ruled over the other Serb lands (the Hum, Travunia and Duklja/Zeta.	Die nächsten Jahrhunderte herrschten die Osmanen über Serbien.	The next few centuries the Ottomans ruled over Serbia.
different	His realm may have stretched west- and northwards to include some parts of the Zagorje (inland Serbia and Bosnia) as well.	Die drei Armeen, die Österreich-Ungarn gegen Serbien aufstellte, umfassten die 5. und 6. Armee in Bosnien, sowie Teile der 2. Armee in Syrmien.	The three armies, which created Austria-Hungary against Serbia, included the 5th and 6th Army in Bosnia, as well as parts of the 2nd army in Syrmia.
different	The Serbian army retreated across the Albanian mountain ranges to the Adriatic Sea by January 1916.	Januar 1916 den Durchbruch zweier österreichischer Divisionen, der 62. und 53., über die Tara zurückschlagen.	January 1916 the breakthrough hit back two Austrian divisions, the 62nd and 53rd on the Tara .
different	With his hands tied by war in Anatolia, Basil II required allies for his war against Tsar Samuel, who had much of Macedonia.	Das Land selbst war in den Kriegsjahren ausgeplündert worden, die Wirtschaft zerstört.	The land itself was plundered during the war years, destroyed the economy.
different	Tadic's presidency was confirmed in 2008	Diese Kriegsziele wurden in einigen Schlüsselelementen hervorgehoben.	The objectives of this war have been highlighted in some key elements.
different	In 2011, he became the head coach of United Faith Christian Academy boys' high school basketball team in Charlotte, North Carolina after serving as an assistant to former head coach Shaun Wiseman.	In den darauffolgenden Jahren spielte Bogues erfolgreich Basketball an der Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	In the following years, Bogues successfully played basketball at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.
different	The shortest player ever to play in the NBA, the 5 ft 3 in (1.60 m) Bogues played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the National Basketball Association.	Vom 3. August 2005 bis zur Auflösung der Mannschaft in 2007 war er Cheftrainer der Charlotte Sting in der Women’s National Basketball Association.	From August 3, 2005, until the dissolution of the team in 2007, he was head coach of the Charlotte Sting in the Women's National Basketball Association.
different	He thought that providing a stronger defense would delay an attack by South Carolina militia.	South Carolina verließ die Union am 20. Dezember 1860.	On December 20, 1860, South Carolina left the Union.
different	In 1975, the familiar striped 'Post Office' lettering was introduced, which continues to be in use by Royal Mail.	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
different	The Kettwig depot was closed in 1953 by the Deutsche Bundesbahn.	Über diese Ausfallstraßen verlassen die Busse Kettwig in alle Himmelsrichtungen.	On these roads, Kettwig buses leave in all directions.
different	The Kingdom of Serbia was proclaimed in 1217.	Damit war der Krieg in Serbien vorerst entschieden.	Thus, the war in Serbia was decided for the time being.
different	"Larry believed in the strength of America's values, and he fought for them around the world," said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.	Von Mai 1981 bis Januar 1982 war er Unterstaatssekretär für Europafragen (Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs); sein Nachfolger auf diesem Posten wurde Richard Burt.	From May 1981 to January 1982, he was Under Secretary of State for European Affairs (Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs); his successor in that post was Richard Burt.
different	On 6 April 1941 Germany, Italy, Hungary, and Bulgaria invaded Yugoslavia, and the Luftwaffe bombed Belgrade for 3 days killing 17,000 people.	Österreich-Ungarn drohte zugunsten Bulgariens einzugreifen, wurde aber von seinen Verbündeten Deutschland und Italien zurückgehalten.	Austria-Hungary threatened to intervene in favour of Bulgaria, was detained but of its allies Germany and Italy.
different	Serbia, Russia, China, Spain, India, Brazil, Greece, Romania and other countries oppose this declaration and consider it illegal.	1912 vermittelte Russland ein Balkanbündnis zwischen Bulgarien, Griechenland und Serbien, dem sich auch Montenegro anschloss.	in 1912, Russia gave a Balkan Alliance between Bulgaria, Greece and Serbia, Montenegro joined the.
different	After the Haldane Reforms the regiment kept its association with the Post Office and continued to recruit postal workers into the Territorial Force under its new title '8th (City of London) Battalion, The London Regiment (Post Office Rifles)' in 1908.	Im 17., 18. und frühen 19. Jahrhundert befand sich das Hauptquartier der Behörde an wechselnden Orten innerhalb der City of London.	In the 17th, 18th and early 19th century was the headquarters of the authority at different locations within the City of London.
different	In 1540 the Ottoman Empire annexed Serbia.	In Serbien wurde vom Dritten Reich eine Kollaborationsregierung installiert.	In Serbia, a collaboration Government was installed by the Third Reich.
different	Serbia became an occupied land.	Serbien wurde politisch geschwächt.	Serbia has been weakened politically.
different	In 1885, Serbia was against the unification of Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia and attacked Bulgaria.	Mazedonien sollte laut einem nicht offiziellen Einverständnis zwischen Bulgarien und Serbien aufgeteilt werden.	Macedonia should be divided according to an unofficial agreement between Bulgaria and Serbia.
different	The Thracians dominated Serbia before the Illyrian migration in the southwest.	Am 9. März 1991 kam es zu Protesten in Serbien.	On March 9, 1991, it resulted in protests in Serbia.
different	This is also known as Serbo-Bulgarian war.	Der Ausgang der Schlacht war zunächst unklar.	The outcome of the battle was initially unclear.
different	Some Serbs sided once again with Austria.	Kantakuzenos rief die Osmanen gegen die Serben zu Hilfe.	Kantakouzenos called the Ottomans against the Serbs to help.
different	Seventeen Roman Emperors were born in present-day Serbia.	Den Aufständen in Serbien standen nur unzureichende deutsche Besatzungstruppen gegenüber.	Insufficient German occupation forces faced riots in Serbia.
different	On 5 October 2000, Slobodan Milošević was forced to concede defeat after days of mass protests all across Serbia.	Im Frühjahr 1999 durchgeführte NATO-Luftangriffe zwangen Slobodan Milošević schließlich zum Einlenken.	NATO air strikes carried out in the spring of 1999 forced Slobodan Milošević eventually to the turn.
different	Prior to the war, inflation skyrocketed.	Damit war Serbien ohne Führung.	Thus, Serbia was without a guide.
different	The regiment was disbanded in 1921.	Telegrafen in Übersee fielen nicht unter dieses Gesetz.	Telegraph overseas were not covered by this law.
different	The army flotilla was detained off Morris Island by the low tide.	Sie verhängten eine Seeblockade gegen die Stadt und besetzten Folly Island westlich von Morris Island.	They imposed a naval blockade of the city and occupied folly Iceland West of Morris Iceland.
different	Medieval Serbia had a high political, economic, and cultural reputation in Europe.	Am 23. Juli stellte Österreich-Ungarn an Serbien ein Ultimatum, das bis zum Abend des 25. Juli angenommen werden müsse, in dem u. a.	On July 23 Austria-Hungary to Serbia gave an ultimatum, which must be accepted until the evening of 25 July, in which among others.
different	Despite better weapons and skilled commanders, Serbia lost the war.	Das Königreich war der Nachfolgestaat des Fürstentums Serbien.	The Kingdom was the successor State of the Principality of Serbia.
different	The invasion led to a three-year-war, which ended in 842, with a decisive Serbian victory.	Damit war die zweite Generation der Epidemie in vollem Gange.	Thus, the second generation of the epidemic was in full swing.
different	One hundred and forty seven years after it was sent, a rolled up telegraphic message was found and eventually given to a museum in Charleston, S.C.	Private Edward Galloway, einer der Verletzten, starb wenig später in einem Hospital in Charleston.	Private Edward Galloway, one of the injured later died in a hospital in Charleston.
different	Following Basil's conquest of Bulgaria in 1018, Serbia passed under Byzantine rule again.	Zuerst wurde aber Bulgarien als Verbündeter für den neuen Angriff auf Serbien gewonnen.	First, Bulgaria won but as an ally for the new attack on Serbia.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	Die montenegrinische Armee konnte in der Schlacht von Mojkovac vom 6./7.	The Montenegrin army in the battle of Mojkovac could by the 6/7.
different	The purpose of the Commission was to resolve unpaid Nazi-era insurance claims for survivors of the Holocaust.	And secondly, I wanted to screw up the Social Security system.“	"And secondly, I wanted to screw up the Social Security system."
different	Soon Suwałki became the fourth most populous town in the Kingdom of Poland.	Polen hat in seiner letzten Verwaltungsreform einen Landkreis Suwałki geschaffen.	Poland has created a District Suwałki in his last administrative reform.
different	Best known for his time with the Charlotte Hornets, he also played for the Washington Bullets, the Golden State Warriors, and the Toronto Raptors, and later served as head coach of the now-defunct WNBA team Charlotte Sting.	Am 11. Juli 1997 wurde Bogues zusammen mit seinem Hornets-Mitspieler Tony Delk zu den Golden State Warriors getradet.	On July 11, 1997, Bogues was together with Hornets teammate Tony Delk to the Golden State Warriors traded.
different	Two people died in the ensuing violence.	70.000 weitere Soldaten gerieten in serbische Kriegsgefangenschaft.	70,000 more troops were in Serb captivity.
different	Serbia officially applied for European Union membership on 22 December 2009.	Am 7. Dezember 2009 wurde von den Außenministern der EU ein Interimsabkommen für Handelserleichterungen mit Serbien freigegeben.	On December 7, 2009, an interim agreement for trade facilitation with Serbia has been released by the Foreign Affairs Ministers of the EU.
different	The General Post Office (GPO) was officially established in England in 1660 by Charles II and it eventually grew to combine the functions of state postal system and telecommunications carrier.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
different	Uroš I, the son of Vukan, ruled Serbia when the Byzantines invaded Duklja, and Rascia would be next in line, but with diplomatic ties with the Kingdom of Hungary, Serbia retained its independence.	Unter Radoslav wurden anschließend Kupfermünzen geprägt, die denen der epirischen Angeloi nach in Thessaloniki geprägten Münzen nachempfunden wurden. Mit Uroš I.	See Radoslav, copper coins were minted then, were modeled after those of the epirote Angeloi to coins minted in Thessaloniki. With Uroš I.
different	Parliamentary elections were held in the Republic of Serbia on 28 December 2003.	Die sozialistische Republik Serbien wurde eine von sechs Teilrepubliken in Jugoslawien.	The Socialist Republic of Serbia became one of six constituent republics in Yugoslavia.
different	They conquered Byzantium and then the other states in the Balkans.	Byzanz ermutigte slawische Stämme, sich als Föderaten in den Provinzen des Balkans anzusiedeln.	Byzantium, Slavic tribes encouraged to settle as foederati in the provinces of the Balkans.
different	St. Germain is not associated with the Saint-Germain-des-Prés Café compilation series, though his song "Deep in It" is featured on its "Volume 1".	St Germain ist der Künstlername des französischen Musikers Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), unter dem er drei Alben veröffentlicht hat.	St Germain is the stage name of the French musician Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), he has released three albums under the.
different	Eagleburger died of pneumonia at the University of Virginia Medical Center in Charlottesville, Virginia.	Eagleburger erwarb seinen Bachelor- und Master-Abschluss an der University of Wisconsin in Madison.	Eagleburger earned his Bachelor's and master's degree from the University of Wisconsin in Madison.
different	The occupying Axis powers then divided Yugoslavia up.	General Nedić war im Königreich Jugoslawien Verteidigungsminister.	General Nedić served as Defense Minister in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
different	The Bridgeman Committee, chaired by Lord Bridgeman, was set up in 1932 to investigate criticisms of the General Post Office and reported the same year.	Damit wurde das Monopol des General Post Office auf alle Arten der elektronischen Kommunikation ausgeweitet.	Thus, the monopoly of the General Post Office has been extended to all forms of electronic communications.
different	Kettwig is a railway station in the city of Essen in western Germany on the Ruhr Valley Railway.	Nun hielten auch Eilzüge in Kettwig, sowie der Schnellzug Essen–Basel.	Now were also semi-fast trains in Kettwig, as well as the express Essen-Basel.
different	They built an overnight camp near the river Maritsa at Chernomen in today's Bulgaria, and started celebrating the victory in advance, and eventually got drunk.	1371 besiegten die Osmanen die Serben in der Schlacht an der Marica (einem Fluss im heutigen Bulgarien).	in 1371, the Ottomans defeated the Serbs at the battle of Marica (a river in the present-day Bulgaria).
different	The northernmost Ancient Macedonian city was in south Serbia (Kale-Krševica).	Während dieser Zeit war Serbien in seinen heutigen Grenzen eine Teilrepublik Jugoslawiens.	During this time, Serbia in its present borders was a constituent Republic of Yugoslavia.
different	On December 26, 1860, six days after South Carolina declared its secession, U.S. Army Major Robert Anderson abandoned the indefensible Fort Moultrie, spiking its large guns, burning its gun carriages, and taking its smaller cannon with him to be trained ...	Zum Zeitpunkt der Zerstörung im Jahr 1861 waren beide fast vollendet, Fort Moultrie war bereits von Truppen unter Major Robert Anderson bezogen.	Both were almost completed at the time of the destruction in 1861, Fort Moultrie was already covered by troops under Maj. Robert Anderson .
different	Jersey Post and Guernsey Post became independent in 1969.	Im Jahr 1969 erfolgte die Überführung dieser Behörde in den neu gegründeten Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation.	The transfer of this authority in the newly formed state operating Post Office Corporationtook place in 1969.
different	The U.S. Army worked to restore it as a useful military installation.	Allerdings hatten die Nordstaaten (die Union) immer noch Besitz im Süden, darunter Forts der U.S. Army.	However, the Northern States (the Union) had still owned in the South, including Fort of U.S. Army.
different	For the more recent history of the postal system in the United Kingdom, see the article Royal Mail and Post Office Ltd.	Genau wie bei der Post war nun alles vom General Post Office unter der Royal Charter lizenziert.	Just like at the post, everything from the General Post Office, the Royal Charter was now licensed.
different	Over two years later, Schweizer released a new variant, the Schweizer 333.	Die Schweizer 333 ist ein viersitziger, einmotoriger Hubschrauber der US-amerikanischen Firma Schweizer Aircraft Corporation mit Turbinenantrieb.	The Swiss 333 is a four-seater, single-engine helicopter of the U.S. company Schweizer Aircraft Corporation with turbine drive.
different	Medieval Bosnia and Zeta lasted until 1496.	Zeta hatte weiterhin die Familie Balšić.	Zeta continued to have the family Balšić.
different	The Bridgeman Committee, chaired by Lord Bridgeman, was set up in 1932 to investigate criticisms of the General Post Office and reported the same year.	Zur Verfolgung der Piratensender schuf das General Post Office eine Gruppe von Ermittlern mit Peilwagen.	To prosecute the pirate radio station, the General Post Office created a group of investigators with sounding car.
different	But, the Battle of Kosovo in 1389 was the turning point of the war between the Serbs and the Turks.	1371 besiegten die Osmanen die Serben in der Schlacht an der Marica (einem Fluss im heutigen Bulgarien).	in 1371, the Ottomans defeated the Serbs at the battle of Marica (a river in the present-day Bulgaria).
different	Cortese eventually ended the season fourth in the championship.	Im Mai 2011 gründete er die Sandro Cortese Junior Bike Schule, in der er sich um Nachwuchsrennfahrer kümmert.	In May 2011, he founded the Sandro Cortese junior bike school, where he taking care of young racing driver.
different	With his hands tied by war in Anatolia, Basil II required allies for his war against Tsar Samuel, who had much of Macedonia.	Darüber hinaus war in den Regularien von Zar Dušans Zakonik bestimmt worden, das 1000 Haushalte für den Unterhalt von 50 Mönchen zuständig wären.	In addition Dušans Zakonik was been determined in the regulations by ZAR 1000 households for maintenance of 50 monks were responsible.
different	In 2003, it was reconstituted as a political union called the State Union of Serbia and Montenegro (SCG).	Nördlich dieser noch ausstehenden Verbindungstrasse lag Serbien, südlich Montenegro.	North this outstanding route was Serbia, South Montenegro.
different	This is also known as Serbo-Bulgarian war.	General Nedić war im Königreich Jugoslawien Verteidigungsminister.	General Nedić served as Defense Minister in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
different	Seventeen Roman Emperors were born in present-day Serbia.	Am 9. März 1991 kam es zu Protesten in Serbien.	On March 9, 1991, it resulted in protests in Serbia.
different	Following Basil's conquest of Bulgaria in 1018, Serbia passed under Byzantine rule again.	Mazedonien sollte laut einem nicht offiziellen Einverständnis zwischen Bulgarien und Serbien aufgeteilt werden.	Macedonia should be divided according to an unofficial agreement between Bulgaria and Serbia.
different	The Bridgeman Committee, chaired by Lord Bridgeman, was set up in 1932 to investigate criticisms of the General Post Office and reported the same year.	Das General Post Office errichtete ein Netzwerk von Postämtern, auf denen Absender Sendungen aufgeben konnten.	The General Post Office built a network of post offices where senders could give up broadcasts.
different	With the end of World War I and the collapse of both the Austro-Hungarian and Ottoman Empires the conditions were met for proclaiming the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes in December 1918.	Das Ziel war in einem historisches Ideal in der Vereinigung mit den „Brüdervölkern“ – Serben, Kroaten und Slowenen definiert worden.	The goal was defined in a historic ideal of the association with the "brother peoples" - Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.
different	The Thracians dominated Serbia before the Illyrian migration in the southwest.	Den Aufständen in Serbien standen nur unzureichende deutsche Besatzungstruppen gegenüber.	Insufficient German occupation forces faced riots in Serbia.
different	After the Partitions of Poland in 1794 the area was annexed by Prussia.	Bei der Dritten Teilung Polens kam Suwałki zu Preußen, wurde 1807 mit dem Herzogtum Warschau vereinigt und kam gemeinsam mit „Kongresspolen“ 1815 zum russischen Zarenreich.	During the third partition of Poland , Suwałki passed to Prussia, was United with the Duchy of Warsaw in 1807 and 1815 came to the Russian Empiretogether with "Congress Poland".
different	In 2009, Cortese rode for the Finnish Ajo Motorsport team that took Di Meglio to his 125cc World Championship.	Am Ende der Saison 2011 erreichte Cortese mit 225 Punkten den vierten Gesamtrang in der 125-cm³-Weltmeisterschaft.	At the end of the 2011 season Cortese reached with 225 points ranked fourth overall in the 125-cm ³ - World Championship.
different	In 1345, the Serbian Empire was established: it spanned a large part of the Balkans.	Aus den Balkankriegen ging Serbien als politisch gestärkte Macht hervor.	Serbia emerged politically strengthened power of the Balkan wars.
different	In the second half of 19th century, Serbia gained statehood as the Kingdom of Serbia.	Seit dem 6. Jahrhundert siedelten sich Serben auf dem Gebiet des heutigen Serbien an.	Since the 6th century, Serbs settled on the territory of today's Serbia.
different	Byzantine military presence ended soon thereafter with the wars with Bulgaria, and was re-established only ca.	Österreich-Ungarn drohte zugunsten Bulgariens einzugreifen, wurde aber von seinen Verbündeten Deutschland und Italien zurückgehalten.	Austria-Hungary threatened to intervene in favour of Bulgaria, was detained but of its allies Germany and Italy.
different	Around the 7th century, Slavs appeared on the Byzantine borders in great numbers.	Später kam zusätzlich noch der Aspra auf, als im byzantinischen Bereich keine Goldmünzen mehr geprägt wurden.	Additionally the Aspra came up later, as in the Byzantine area, no gold coins were minted.
different	Slovenia was divided between Germany and Italy, which also seized the islands in the Adriatic.	Außerdem waren im Land Seuchen ausgebrochen, die ab 1915 die Zivilbevölkerung und Armee dezimierten.	Also, diseases were erupted in the country, which decimated the civilian population and army in 1915.
different	Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.	1882 wurde das Fürstentum Serbien zum Königreich Serbien erhoben, das zunächst im Wesentlichen nur das heutige Zentralserbien umfasste.	in 1882, the Principality was raised Serbia to the Kingdom of Serbia comprising essentially only the present-day central Serbia .
different	It was organized by Vuk Drašković's Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO).	Von ihnen war das weitgehend selbstständige serbische Fürstentum das bedeutendste.	The largely autonomous Serbian Principality was the most important of them.
different	Over the 13th and 14th centuries, it ruled over the other Serb lands (the Hum, Travunia and Duklja/Zeta.	Im 11. Jahrhundert gab es das erste in größerem Rahmen anerkannte serbische Königtum unter Mihailo von Zeta.	In the 11th century, there was the first Serb Kingdom recognized broader under Mihailo of Zeta.
different	The new President of Montenegro is Filip Vujanović.	Die montenegrinischen Truppen spielten kaum eine Rolle.	The Montenegrin troops played hardly any role.
different	This applied to telegraph and telephone switching stations.	Um 1870 wurde für die Telegrafenabteilung ein eigener Flügel angebaut.	A separate wing for the Telegraph Department was built around 1870.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	Selbst der serbische Regent schrieb hierzu dem britischen König zwei Memoranden.	Even the Serbian Regent wrote two memoranda, the British King.
different	Then, under Prime Minister Ante Markovic, things began to improve.	Der Ministerpräsident Serbiens ist seit Juli 2012 Ivica Dačić.	Serbia's Prime Minister has since July 2012 Ivica Dačić.
different	In 1905, Kettwig was upgraded to a 1st class station, with express trains like the Essen to Basel service calling at the station.	1977 wurde der Bahnhof Kettwig wird als selbstständige Dienststelle aufgelöst, auch bedingt durch die Eingemeindung Kettwigs zu Essen, die Bahnhofshalle wurde geschlossen.	1977 was Kettwig railway station is resolved as an independent Department, also due to the incorporation of Kettwigs to eat, the station Hall was closed.
different	Serbia's strategic location between two continents has subjected it to invasions by many peoples.	Er plante eine Verbindung zwischen Konstantinopel und dem österreichischen Eisenbahnnetz.	He planned a connection between Constantinople and the Austrian railway network.
different	Most of the territory of modern Serbia was occupied by the German army and was governed by the German Military Administration in Serbia.	1882 wurde das Fürstentum Serbien zum Königreich Serbien erhoben, das zunächst im Wesentlichen nur das heutige Zentralserbien umfasste.	in 1882, the Principality was raised Serbia to the Kingdom of Serbia comprising essentially only the present-day central Serbia .
different	Jovan Nenad was killed and his 'state' collapsed.	Das führte zum endgültigen militärischen Zusammenbruch Bulgariens.	That led to a final military collapse in Bulgaria.
different	In Battle of Pločnik in 1386, Serbian forces defeated the Ottoman army.	In Europa verbreitete sich das Gerücht über eine Niederlage der Osmanen.	In Europe spread the rumor about a defeat of the Ottoman Empire.
different	Medieval Serbia had a high political, economic, and cultural reputation in Europe.	Manche der serbischen Einwanderer nahmen die griechische Kultur an, die meisten aber bewahrten ihre slawisch-serbische Identität.	Some of Serbian immigrants adopted the Greek culture, but most kept their Slav-Serb identity.
different	Having recuperated on Corfu the Serbian Army returned to combat on the Thessaloniki front together with other Entente forces.	Selbst nach dem Abtransport der serbischen Armee mitsamt der serbischen Regierung nach Korfu, starben viele an den Folgen der Entbehrungen auf der Flucht.	Even after the removal of the Serbian army and the Serbian Government to Corfu, many from the effects of deprivation on the flight died.
different	The northern territories were annexed by Hungary, and eastern and southern territories by Bulgaria.	Mit dem osmanischen Sieg über Ungarn bei Mohács 1526 war auch das Ende des serbischen Fürstentums in Ungarn entschieden.	With the Ottoman victory over Hungary at Mohács in 1526 , the end of the Serbian Principality of Hungary was decided.
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	In Serbien wurde vom Dritten Reich eine Kollaborationsregierung installiert.	In Serbia, a collaboration Government was installed by the Third Reich.
different	Soon the Croats, Bulgarians and Byzantines annexed the Serbian territories.	Eine Verbindung von Belgrad mit Kotor blieb in den 1890er Jahren der eigentliche Wunschtraum der Serbischen Eisenbahnen.	A connection of Belgrade with Kotor remained the real dream of Serbian railways in the 1890s.
different	In 1918, Serbia was recognized as a state by the world for the first time.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	The Battle of Kosovo defined the fate of the medieval Serbia.	Serbischen Münzen nutzten sowohl westliche als auch östliche Bezeichnungen.	Both Western and Eastern names used Serbian coins.
different	The Serbian realms disappeared by the mid-16th century, torn by domestic feuds, and Ottoman conquest.	Eine Folge blieb der bis um 25 % gestiegene Silberpreis, welcher auch bis zum Abschluss der osmanischen Eroberungen verlieren würde.	A result was the price of silver increased by up to 25%, which would lose up to the end of the Ottoman conquests.
different	From late 12th century onwards, a new state called Raska, centred in present-day southern Serbia, rose to become the paramount Serb state.	Andere folgten dem Ruf der russischen Zarin Katharina der Großen und siedelten in der heutigen Ukraine, wo es zwei serbische Provinzen gab: Nova Serbia (russ.	Others answered the call of the Russian Empress Catherine of the great and settled in the present-day Ukraine, where there were two Serbian provinces: Nova Serbia (russ.
different	A pre-term parliamentary election was held on 11 May 2008, barely a year after the previous one.	Bei den Parlamentswahlen im Dezember 2000 errang die DOS eine Zweidrittelmehrheit im Parlament.	In the parliamentary election in December 2000, the DOS won a two-thirds majority in the Parliament.
different	The northern territories were annexed by Hungary, and eastern and southern territories by Bulgaria.	Die Grenzen eines eigentlichen serbischen Territoriums wurden erst verhältnismäßig spät, nämlich im 15. Jahrhundert umrissen.	The boundaries of an actual Serb territory have only relatively late, outlined in the 15th century.
different	Similar General Post Offices were established across the British Empire.	Diese Konkurrenz war sich sehr wohl der Tatsache bewusst, dass das General Post Office niemals eine solche gewähren würde.	This competition was aware that the General Post Office would never grant such very well the fact.
different	Under the Post Office Act 1969, the assets of the Post Office were transferred from a government department with a Royal Charter to a statutory corporation.	Das General Post Office errichtete ein Netzwerk von Postämtern, auf denen Absender Sendungen aufgeben konnten.	The General Post Office built a network of post offices where senders could give up broadcasts.
different	During the Revolutions of 1848, the Serbs in the Austrian Empire proclaimed Serbian autonomous province known as Serbian Vojvodina.	Im Jahr 1972 ereignete sich die letzte Pocken-Epidemie in Europa mit Ausbreitungsherden im Süden Serbiens in der autonomen Provinz Kosovo sowie in Belgrad.	The last smallpoxepidemic in Europe with spread herds in southern of Serbia, in the autonomous province of Kosovo and in Belgrade took place in 1972.
different	Uroš II initially fought the Byzantines, but after a defeat soon gives oaths of servitude to the Emperor.	Dušans Reich wurde nach byzantinischem Muster unter Führung des serbischen Adels verwaltet.	Dušans Kingdom administered after Byzantine pattern under the leadership of the Serbian nobility.
different	Overseas telegraphs did not fall within the monopoly.	Um 1870 wurde für die Telegrafenabteilung ein eigener Flügel angebaut.	A separate wing for the Telegraph Department was built around 1870.
different	Contemporary Serbia comprises the classical regions of Moesia, Pannonia, parts of Dalmatia, Dacia and Macedonia.	Unter ihm stieg Serbien zur dominierenden Macht auf dem Balkan auf, unter anderem durch Gebietsgewinne in Makedonien.	Under him Serbia became the dominant power in the Balkans, inter alia by area gains in Macedonia.
different	The aides waited for hours while Anderson considered his alternatives and played for time.	Anfängliche Bestrebungen einer Wiederherstellung kamen bald zum Erliegen, und das Fort wurde nur teilweise instand gesetzt.	Initial efforts of a recovery soon ground to a halt, and the Fort was repaired only in part.
different	In 1969 the GPO was abolished and the assets transferred to The Post Office, changing it from a Department of State to a statutory corporation.	Von Anfang an hatte das General Post Office Probleme mit Piratensendern, die ohne GPO-Lizenz sendeten.	From the outset had General Post Office problems with pirate stations, which sent no GPO licence.
different	‘M’ Company, 24th Middlesex Rifle Volunteers Corps, was formed in Royal Warrant in 1882 as the Army Post Office Corps (APOC).	Im Jahr 1969 wurde das General Post Office von einer Regierungsbehörde mit Royal Charter in den Staatsbetrieb Post Office Corporation umgewandelt.	The General Post Office was transformed by a government authority with a Royal Charter in the State operating Post Office Corporation in 1969.
different	On 12 March 2003, Serbian Prime Minister Zoran Đinđić was assassinated.	Der Ministerpräsident Serbiens ist seit Juli 2012 Ivica Dačić.	Serbia's Prime Minister has since July 2012 Ivica Dačić.
different	Lazar's vassal Obilić killed the Ottoman sultan Murad I.	Serbien wurde zum Vasallenstaat der Osmanen.	Serbia became a vassal state of the Ottoman Empire.
different	Serbia became an occupied land.	Im besetzten Serbien leisteten Aufständische mit Partisanenaktionen heftigen Widerstand, den die Besatzer ihrerseits mit Gräueltaten vergalten.	Insurgents with partisan actions were fierce resistance, the occupying forces did their part with atrocities in the occupied Serbia.
different	Lucile also specialised in dressing trendsetting stage and film performers, ranging from the stars of the Ziegfeld Follies on Broadway to silent screen icons like Mary Pickford and Irene Castle.	Die Bezeichnung „It girl“ kam zum ersten Mal in den USA für den Stummfilm-Star Clara Bow auf („Amerikas erstes Sex-Symbol“), nachdem sie 1927 die Hauptrolle in dem Film It (deutscher Titel: Das gewisse Etwas) nach dem Erfolgsroman It von Elinor ...	The term "it girl" came for the first time in the United States for the silent film star Clara Bow on ("America's first sex symbol"), after she 1927 starred in the film it (German title: something) had played after the successful novel it by Elinor Glyn .
different	This point is called the far point of the eye.	Damit ist der Nahpunkt eine individuelle Größe, die stark differieren kann.	Thus, the near point is an individual size that can vary greatly.
different	It has a catholic monastery, the Nütschau Priory, which is a former manor of Heinrich Rantzau.	Im Ortsteil Nütschau wird das etwa 450 Jahre alte Herrenhaus als Benediktinerkloster genutzt.	The village of Nütschau used the roughly 450 year-old Manor House as a Benedictine monastery .
different	Like rainbowfish, they spawn all year round, and attach their eggs to vegetation.	Die Pseudomugilidae wurden früher als Unterfamilie in die Familie der Regenbogenfische (Melanotaeniidae) gestellt.	The Pseudomugilidae made earlier as a subfamily in the family of the Rainbow fish (Melanotaeniidae).
different	Blue-eyes are small fish, typically no more than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.	Die relativ großen Augen sind nahezu bei allen Arten kräftig blau.	The relatively large eyes are almost at all types of strong blue.
different	Blue-eyes are small fish, typically no more than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.	Einige Arten erreichen bis 8 Zentimeter Länge (Männchen).	Some species can reach up to 8 inches in length (male).
different	The Schweizer 300/333 models fill a gap in the Sikorsky helicopter line, which is known for its medium and heavy utility and cargo helicopters.	Basierend auf der Schweizer 300C wurde die S-330 (Modell 269D) mit einer 220 SHP starken Turbine versehen, und von der US-amerikanischen Luftfahrtbehörde FAA am 14. September 1992 zugelassen.	Based on the Schweizer 300 C the S-330 (model 269D) was with a 220 SHP provided strong turbine, and approved by the American aviation authority FAA on September 14, 1992.
different	Travenbrück is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Dies war die erste Neugründung in Norddeutschland seit der Reformation.	This was the first establishment in Northern Germany since the Reformation.
different	Suwałki is called the "Polish pole of cold" because it has the lowest average temperature in the whole of Poland, excepting mountain resorts.	Polen hat in seiner letzten Verwaltungsreform einen Landkreis Suwałki geschaffen.	Poland has created a District Suwałki in his last administrative reform.
different	At the Battle of Kolin he led the left wing, which, through a misunderstanding with the King, was prematurely drawn into action and failed hopelessly.	1758 nahm er an beiden großen Schlachten teil, wobei er sich das Zurückweichen des linken preußischen Flügels bei Zorndorf wenigstens teilweise anrechnen lassen muss.	in 1758 he participated in two major battles, whereby he must at least partly pay off the retreat of the Prussian left wing at Zorndorf.
different	They inhabit fresh and brackish water in Australia and New Guinea.	Blauaugen ernähren sich von Stechmückenlarven und anderen Insekten von der Wasseroberfläche.	Blue eyes feed on mosquito larvae and other insects from the water surface.
different	Suwałki is the largest city and the capital of the historical Suwałki Region.	Bis 1795 gehörte die Stadt Suwałki zum Großfürstentum Polen-Litauen.	Until 1795, the city of Suwałki belonged to the Grand Duchy of Poland Lithuania.
different	It was released as the second single from the album Sorry for Party Rocking (2011).	Das Lied war nicht ganz so erfolgreich wie der Vorgänger Party Rock Anthem.	The song was not as successful as its predecessor party rock anthem.
different	Elinor Glyn, the notorious English novelist who wrote the book It and the screenplay based on it, lectured: "With 'It,' you win all men if you are a woman and all women if you are a man.	Die Bezeichnung „It girl“ kam zum ersten Mal in den USA für den Stummfilm-Star Clara Bow auf („Amerikas erstes Sex-Symbol“), nachdem sie 1927 die Hauptrolle in dem Film It (deutscher Titel: Das gewisse Etwas) nach dem Erfolgsroman It von Elinor ...	The term "it girl" came for the first time in the United States for the silent film star Clara Bow on ("America's first sex symbol"), after she 1927 starred in the film it (German title: something) had played after the successful novel it by Elinor Glyn .
different	Suwałki is the largest city and the capital of the historical Suwałki Region.	Lediglich während der nationalsozialistischen Besetzung gehörte Suwałki zwischen 1939 und 1944 als Hauptstadt des Landkreises Sudauen verwaltungsrechtlich zu Ostpreußen.	Only during the Nazi occupation, Suwałki belonged administratively to East Prussiabetween 1939 and 1944 as the capital of the Sudovia of district of .
different	This point is called the far point of the eye.	Als ein standardisierter Normalwert wurde der Begriff der deutlichen Sehweite (auch Bezugs- oder Normsehweite genannt) eingeführt, welche bei 250 mm liegt.	Introduced the concept of clear sight (called also referenceor standard sight ) as a standardized normal value, which is 250 mm.
different	The blue-eyes are a family of atheriniform fish, the Pseudomugilidae, related to the rainbowfishes.	Die relativ großen Augen sind nahezu bei allen Arten kräftig blau.	The relatively large eyes are almost at all types of strong blue.
different	The Schweizer 330 and 333 are turbine-powered developments of the Schweizer 300 light piston-powered helicopter.	Basierend auf der Schweizer 300C wurde die S-330 (Modell 269D) mit einer 220 SHP starken Turbine versehen, und von der US-amerikanischen Luftfahrtbehörde FAA am 14. September 1992 zugelassen.	Based on the Schweizer 300 C the S-330 (model 269D) was with a 220 SHP provided strong turbine, and approved by the American aviation authority FAA on September 14, 1992.
different	Blue-eyes are small fish, typically no more than 5 cm (2.0 in) in length.	Die Blauaugen (Pseudomugilidae) sind eine Familie der Ährenfischartigen.	Blue eyes (Pseudomugilidae) are a family of the Ährenfischartigen.
different	The town's population continued to grow rapidly.	Lag Suwałki lange Zeit abseits der großen Verkehrsströme, wächst seit der Öffnung verschiedener Straßenübergänge und des einzigen Eisenbahngrenzüberganges Polens nach Litauen an der Hauptstrecke Berlin–Warschau–Kaunas–Vilnius/Riga die wirt...	Suwałki was long time away from the large traffic flows, the economic importance of the city since the opening of various road transitions and the single railway border crossing of Poland to Lithuania on the main route Berlin-Warsaw-Kaunas-Vilnius/Riga ...
different	"It Girl" is a term for a beautiful, stylish young woman who possesses sex appeal without flaunting her sexuality.	Mit „It“, dem „gewissen Etwas“, sind Sexappeal, Ausstrahlung und Auftreten (vgl.	With "It", that "certain something", sex appeal, appearance and demeanor are (cf.
different	The blue-eyes are a family of atheriniform fish, the Pseudomugilidae, related to the rainbowfishes.	Blauaugen ernähren sich von Stechmückenlarven und anderen Insekten von der Wasseroberfläche.	Blue eyes feed on mosquito larvae and other insects from the water surface.
different	It has a catholic monastery, the Nütschau Priory, which is a former manor of Heinrich Rantzau.	Das heutige Gut fällt vor allem durch die Mauer auf, die das 3 ha große Areal des Gutshofes umgibt.	The present good striking mainly through the wall that surrounds the 3 ha large area of the estate.
different	This led to the outbreak of the Sejny Uprising on August 23, 1919.	Seit 1919 gehört Suwałki zur Zweiten Polnischen Republik.	Since 1919, Suwałki belonged to the Second Polish Republic.
different	In 1987, Schweizer announced development of the Schweizer 330 using the dynamic components, rotors, controls and systems of the 300C; however, it was redesigned with an all-new fuselage.	Der 3-Blatt-Hauptrotor ist in Ganzmetall ausgeführt, als Drehmomentausgleich dient ein 2-Blatt-Heckrotor.	The 3-blade-main rotor is made of all-metal, a 2-bladetail rotor torque compensation as.
different	Until 1999 the town was the capital of Suwałki Voivodeship.	Bis 1795 gehörte die Stadt Suwałki zum Großfürstentum Polen-Litauen.	Until 1795, the city of Suwałki belonged to the Grand Duchy of Poland Lithuania.
different	He composed his first work under the name of Sub System with friend Guy Rabiller.	St Germain ist der Künstlername des französischen Musikers Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), unter dem er drei Alben veröffentlicht hat.	St Germain is the stage name of the French musician Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), he has released three albums under the.
different	For emmetropic eye, the far point is at infinity, but for the sake of practicality, infinity is considered to be approximately 6m or greater since the vergence change from 6m to actual infinity is negligible.	Daraus ergibt sich, dass der Fernpunkt bei Normal- und Kurzsichtigen ein reeller und bei Weitsichtigen ein virtueller Punkt ist.	Arises, that of Gazzard at normal and short-sighted a reeller and at far-sighted is a virtual point.
different	The FAA certified the aircraft in September 1992.	Nach dem Erstflug im Jahre 1988 wurde der Hubschrauber von der FAA am 28. September 2000 zugelassen.	After the first flight in 1988 the helicopter has been approved by the FAA on September 28, 2000.
different	After the January Uprising of 1863, the new administrational reform was passed to unify the Polish lands with Russia completely.	Polen hat in seiner letzten Verwaltungsreform einen Landkreis Suwałki geschaffen.	Poland has created a District Suwałki in his last administrative reform.
different	Suwałki has a humid continental climate.	Polen hat in seiner letzten Verwaltungsreform einen Landkreis Suwałki geschaffen.	Poland has created a District Suwałki in his last administrative reform.
different	The tomte was not always a popular figure, particularly during and after the Christianization of Scandinavia.	In Schweden und Finnland gibt es eine ähnliche Figur mit dem Namen Tomte bzw. Tonttu.	In Sweden and Finland there is a similar figure with the name Tomte / Tonttu.
different	In visual perception, the far point is the point at which an object must be placed along the optical axis for its image to be focused on the retina when the eye is not accommodating.	Das Gegenteil, also der Nahpunkt oder minimale Sehweite, wird bei maximaler Akkommodation erreicht.	The opposite, so the close point , or minimum sight, is reached at maximum accommodation.
different	As of 2007, only the Schweizer 333 remains in production.	Die Schweizer 333 ist ein viersitziger, einmotoriger Hubschrauber der US-amerikanischen Firma Schweizer Aircraft Corporation mit Turbinenantrieb.	The Swiss 333 is a four-seater, single-engine helicopter of the U.S. company Schweizer Aircraft Corporation with turbine drive.
different	Maurice of Anhalt-Dessau (31 October 1712 in Dessau - 11 April 1760 in Dessau), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Dessau branch.	Durch die Verwundung erlitt der Prinz eine Blutvergiftung, an deren Folgen er nach seiner Freilassung aus der Kriegsgefangenschaft 1760 in seiner Heimatstadt Dessau erlag.	By the wounding, the Prince suffered a blood infection, whose consequences he 1760 died after his release from captivity in his home town of Dessau.
different	A large part of the population was Jewish.	Der Nordteil des Landes der Sudauer kam zum preußischen Ordensstaat (später Ostpreußen), der Südteil wurde von Polen und Litauern erobert und durch spätere Grenzvereinbarungen zwischen dem Ordensstaat, Litauen und Polen als Podolien ein Teil Litauens.	The northern part of the country of the Sudauer came to the Prussian monastic state (later East Prussia), the southern part was conquered by Poland and Lithuania and subsequent border agreements between the monastic state, Lithuania and Poland as Podolia...
different	Travenbrück is a municipality in the district of Stormarn, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Die Gemeinde Travenbrück entstand am 1. Januar 1978 durch die Fusion der ehemaligen Gemeinden Tralau und Travenberg.	The municipality of Travenbrück was formed on January 1, 1978 through the merger of the former municipalities of Tralau and Travenberg.
different	At Kesselsdorf it was the wing led by the young Maurice that carried the Austrian lines and won his father Leopold's last campaign.	Bei Hochkirch schlug er seine letzte Schlacht.	He hit his last battle at Hochkirch .
different	This period came to an end in 1975, when a new administrative reform was passed and Suwałki yet again became the capital of a separate Suwałki Voivodeship.	Polen hat in seiner letzten Verwaltungsreform einen Landkreis Suwałki geschaffen.	Poland has created a District Suwałki in his last administrative reform.
different	He has released EPs under a number of aliases, among them Deepside, LN'S, Modus Vivendi, Nuages and Soofle.	St Germain ist der Künstlername des französischen Musikers Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), unter dem er drei Alben veröffentlicht hat.	St Germain is the stage name of the French musician Ludovic Navarre (* 1973 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye), he has released three albums under the.
different	In the Silesian wars of Frederick the Great, Maurice, the ablest of old Leopold's sons, greatly distinguished himself, especially at the Battle of Hohenfriedberg in 1745.	Dafür wurde er nur zwei Tage später, am 17. Dezember 1745, als Ritter in den Schwarzen Adlerorden aufgenommen.	For this he was recorded just two days later, on December 17, 1745, as Knight in the order of the Black Eagle .
different	An early literary usage of the term "it" in this context may be traced to a 1904 short story by Rudyard Kipling: "It isn't beauty, so to speak, nor good talk necessarily.	Der Begriff ließe sich also als „Mädchen mit dem gewissen Etwas“ übersetzen.	The term could be so when translating "Girl with a twist".
different	It has a catholic monastery, the Nütschau Priory, which is a former manor of Heinrich Rantzau.	Neverstaven, Nütschau, Schlamersdorf, Sühlen, Tralau und Vinzier liegen im Gemeindegebiet.	Neverstaven, Nütschau, Schlamersdorf, posts, Tralau and Vinzier lie in the municipality.
different	In February 1919 the local inhabitants took part in the first free elections to the Polish Sejm, but soon afterwards the German commanders changed their mind and expelled the Polish military units from the area and in May passed it to Lithuanian authority.	Seit 1919 gehört Suwałki zur Zweiten Polnischen Republik.	Since 1919, Suwałki belonged to the Second Polish Republic.
different	The actual song begins, the video changes to the duo entering the club, and the viewer is shown that the guests are many of the original shufflers (including the Shuffle Bot and also Quest Crew – winners of America's Best Dance Crew, season 3) who are ...	Das Musikvideo zu Champagne Showers stand unter der choreographischen Leitung von Quest Crew.	The music video to champagne showers line was under the choreography of quest crew.
different	The being swore: "Have you eaten the porridge for the tomte, you have to dance with him!".	Nissen findet man traditionell in Häusern und Ställen.	Traditional houses and stables you will find nits.
different	It has a catholic monastery, the Nütschau Priory, which is a former manor of Heinrich Rantzau.	Seit 1971 gehört das Exerzitenhaus St. Ansgar zum Kloster.	Since 1971, which belongs to the monastery Exerzitenhaus St. Ansgar.
different	The following year a seat of local powiat authorities was moved to the town, as well as a military garrison.	Die Stadt Suwałki selbst hat den Status eines Stadtkreises (eigentlich miasto na prawach powiatu, „Stadt mit Rechten eines Powiat“).	The city of Suwałki itself has the status of a city circuit (actually gołębia na prawach powiatu, "Town with the rights of a Powiat").
different	He was also easily offended by rudeness: farm workers swearing, urinating in the barns, or not treating the creatures well would do so under the threat of a sound thrashing by the tomte/nisse.	Wird er nicht gut behandelt, spielt er Streiche oder verlässt den Hof.	He is not well treated, he plays pranks or leaves the Court.
different	Other names are tuftekall, tomtegubbe or haugebonde, all names connecting the being to the origins of the farm (the building ground), or a burial mound.	Der Name Nisse ist eine Ableitung des Namens Niels, der dänischen Form für Nikolaus.	The name is a derivation of the name Niels, the Danish form for NicholasNISSE.
different	The music video ends with the dancers party rocking in victory and Jesus of Hollywood high-fiving the entire crew.	Das Musikvideo zu Champagne Showers stand unter der choreographischen Leitung von Quest Crew.	The music video to champagne showers line was under the choreography of quest crew.
different	If treated well, they protect the family and animals from evil and misfortune, and may also aid the chores and farm work.	Wird er nicht gut behandelt, spielt er Streiche oder verlässt den Hof.	He is not well treated, he plays pranks or leaves the Court.
different	Germain is the stage name of Ludovic Navarre, a French musician.	St Germain besteht nicht nur aus Navarre, der den Kopf der Band bildet und den elektronischen Teil übernimmt, sondern auch aus:	St Germain consists not only of Navarre, who is the head of the band and takes over the electronic part, but also from:
different	In the years of peace preceding the Seven Years' War, Moritz was employed by Frederick the Great in the colonization of the wastelands of Pomerania and the Oder Valley.	Zur Bewährungsprobe wurde für den ehrgeizigen Fürsten sein Einsatz im Siebenjährigen Krieg, wo er sich insbesondere bei Kolin, Leuthen, Zorndorf und Hochkirch hervortat.	Its use in the seven year's war, where he excelled especially at Kolin, Leuthen, Zorndorf and Hochkirch was to the test for the ambitious Prince.
different	This point is called the far point of the eye.	Daraus ergibt sich, dass der Fernpunkt bei Normal- und Kurzsichtigen ein reeller und bei Weitsichtigen ein virtueller Punkt ist.	Arises, that of Gazzard at normal and short-sighted a reeller and at far-sighted is a virtual point.
different	A tomte, nisse or tomtenisse (Sweden) (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈtɔ̀mːtɛ]), nisse (Norway and Denmark) (Norwegian pronunciation: [ˈnìsːɛ] or Danish pronunciation: [ˈnesə], Danish plural nisser) or tonttu (Finland) is a mythological creature ...	In Schweden und Finnland gibt es eine ähnliche Figur mit dem Namen Tomte bzw. Tonttu.	In Sweden and Finland there is a similar figure with the name Tomte / Tonttu.